You know what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the car for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can visit you as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphany.
And you know that an option is generally something that was falling somewhere in it.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an option.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Brown.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk to you.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Steve, Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beating every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by letting me go into the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, halfway in the middle of the night I got a phone call of that teacher, Mr. Post-in-law who said, "I need to see you.
I'm democratic that we have never got to know.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to come up with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see it, we laugh, we called ourselves, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place, we integrated it, and we take care of it, and we get rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a dinner box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed up, it had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked about was made in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I jumped out of it.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, the connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first tablets.
I was shocked.
My heart catches fast, was dead, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The troops around me are supported about 60 feet, and I couldn't get more than thinking that it was a snow of snow on another glass of snow after year.
The tables are born when they get rid of glaciers or they break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are denied to get up and drag up to the end, whereas others can't put it more and stay in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg that are isolated separate and alone -- largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a car melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As an iceberg destroyed by a rich water water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I get close to photograph these shots as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are just that one way and not going to be there again.
It's not death when they determined, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the tables I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has more than 100,000 years.
The last pictures that I'd like to show you is a picture I photographed in Kepler, Greenland.
It's little often going to be able to really get to preserve a broken iceberg indeed.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, start rolling, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a Group of Greenland.
About 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so notes, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every one of a baby getting a baby. OK.
So, two couples each.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of consciousness, because if you stop thinking about conception.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
They both lose and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my activity I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles -- I work with the history of the anatomy.
I'm a hydrogen historian and what I study in this case is the way people absorb the anatomy -- to say, of human and animal bodies -- how they have considered body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about the body.
The other role I play in my work is an activist, as a patient engineer, or as I say sometimes, infectious defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with symbol twins, two people within the same body.
I've worked with people with innovation, and people much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical therapy doesn't fit in male and conventional families.
On general lines, we can call it intelligent.
Interestingly interrupting many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't get mad in the male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual with chemical basis whose SARS with the chromosome and tells the protected, that we all have in the fatal life, which become testimony.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone.
It's the insecticulation syndrome.
So there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the sensors, but it doesn't have the mental period, when someone realizes something is happening.
And after doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and foreign, it actually has testicles and a chromosome and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think that's a man, but it's really not.
Women like men have in the body something called super superiority.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermarket glands produce angers, the hormone of massive.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know his critical structure, I think being a typical woman -- most women like me are sensitive to the adults.
We produce angers and respond to angers.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the angers than the woman who was born with testimony who has the insecure system of instructions.
So sex is something complicated. It's not that international people are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as you will -- I had a nine, and I had sex relationships with her, I was wearing a life as a boy and I had just discovered that I had oil and forest.
He had an extreme shape of a known disease as a super-computer spinal hypertext hyperbolic.
I had the 20th chromosomes and the super-computer seals were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their geniuses were massively, their brain exposed to the hormone component of the terrible male.
It was born with a child, no one suspicious nothing.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started having medical problems caused by internal mentor, when doctors discovered that, in fact, was woman in the inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligent.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as employers, which is to say, they have military tissue wrapped in touch tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why kids with these kinds of bodies -- are bears, symbolism twin twins, or international surgeries -- they become normal surgeries not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason they get to various surgeries is that they're an threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have trouble with catalyst.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture that we have in our culture about individuals.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have kids who are born like two people inside of a body.
The latest case is last year with the South African Correllate Carrot Carrot -- it was in cloth of judgment in the International Olympics.
Many journalists called to ask, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Semet is man or woman?
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such way.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't trace a single line between men and women or men and internal men and internals, and we are us who bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more it advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we think were statistical animation categories that correlate directly with stable individual categories -- are much more distributed than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that happens to be much more complicated than the terminology is allowed.
As we see, we get into a writing terrain.
So look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to be able to do in the fact that we can do in just a few nutritions?
And as we process in science we get more and more in an awkward area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we have probably are too simple.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the U.S. today, are the struggles at the beginning and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human, and it has different rights than the feet of the pieces.
There are very busy discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about when someone is dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved you still didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving into it.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma of determining somebody's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And maybe you think that this capability of categories could bring someone like me.
In politics I'm a progress, I define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To make sure that these categories are much more unstable.
It has the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a feeling of the Facebook Parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and substantial and so radical in what they did, that I find every so much looking at that music was 600 and not by music, which is totally fascinating.
This is what happened in 1776 with the Father Fars.
The Fardens were for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explained to them why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what they rejected our parents Falls was the idea of monster. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of analogy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it was reached in political power by the right blood right to the father and then the son, etc.
The Facebook Parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They sent the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anti-community differences. That was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing because they were part of an integrated system that they were spending two things.
It was secreting democracy and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the Facebook parents, which many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were disappearing from the supernatural explanation, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by an idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of independence, talk about nature and God's God.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what years next?
And women showed.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people at Sunday Translator, who said, "I'm not a woman?"
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, color people who would take the anatomical coincidence. And again, they showed.
We see the same with the Montange Movie.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence we need to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean we had to get to the anatomy of the animal.
I don't want to say that the five year-old children should allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomical division that for me to make sense, and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them, and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings -- both concerts in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, October 1, 1980.
Henry, by the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the right to drink ...
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other areas in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X-ray -- in virtue of being considered man now is a passion of mandatory electricity that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, in his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So still personalized anatomical categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of the anatomy that we come to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could disconnect disaster?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is scared.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to cut the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man doesn't have to have chromosomes -- and that to marry a woman has to have chromosome and so on.
Now, in practice they don't make chemicals to people.
But this is also very strange about the story that I told you at the beginning of the insecticulation syndrome.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have to offer a solution.
He says that we should judge people beautifully not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character, they go beyond the anatomy of the analog.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to give you rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some of some global forests that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some workers that I know can make more and more informed decisions, intelligent and marriage about their sexual relations than people I know.
So how do you put the issue of the character content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance in it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still looking at this stream of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed unless it's willing to overcome a sex change, where case you can live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon with which I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made light twins and then separate them and take their fame up.
But when the phone asked him, the reason for the operation was a very risky operation, and I was told that in that other country, these kids would be very male and therefore I had to do it.
So what I said, "Well, has you considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the good.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- and that is that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years now, since I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about sculpture studies is that women, on average, -- not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
Now, years ago, when I was in the processor, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- as I now did a strange plant.
"Tell me what it has about female feminist."
And I thought, "This is the most silly question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes -- so there's nothing female in the feminist."
But the more I've thought about her question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in the females.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, while the parents were very keen to figure out how to protect people in the state of the state, it is possible to have injected more moms to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with recording support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy, thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, we think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we thought about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we are far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with one city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if they've never thought about new cities.
But just replacing them for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartment were already owners and that in the other half still would be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to do implants in all the existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the teachers and the distractions of the building.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those ambiguity.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction instead of putting them on.
So I proposed that governments create new amounts of reforms of big enough to contain cities and give them a name, cities under stage.
Later I learned that more or less at the same time, Saudi and October were thinking about the challenge of refugee Horizons.
They knew that every year about 75,000 dollars would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Horizons.
In the summer of 2009, Hones went through a destructive constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Peter Love was assembled with a platform in which we promise reforms and at the same reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of garage.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TED.
Through a process of performance, trial and error and a lot of tests with users, tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and fight all of the current restrictions of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes both of technologies like rules to progress and usually are the rules that prevent us forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japanese.
They called me.
They said, "Let's give this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- there, land that, in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Dad, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms, that a city under a state is a place where it starts with the pillar lands, a statue that specifies the rules that will apply to them and an option so that people can choose whether or not they want to live under those norms.
So the president of Hongs called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country.
I was asked to go to TV and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denner and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denner.
This airport is over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the donations that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that was at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud cooking cooking.
The public faces were very serious and attention.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the TED Talk.
I have it here in my computer."
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essential thing that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be an option of a city that you might be able to be in Horizons, rather than hundreds of miles away from North miles.
And it would also include new choices for leaders.
Because the Hormone government leaders would need help from associated countries -- they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the state, so that they could all trust the status that the status is effectively coming in.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could be easily about a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, the 19th of January, voted in Congress to get their constitution and add a constitutional position that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional love was 124 to one.
All the particular parties in society, they replaced it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17 again in another vote, from 115 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from the 21st to 24 of February, a delicious of about 30 horizons went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that is building in South Korea, bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after four years of getting the permission.
The other country in the building of cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that will allow the administrators to come in, and at the same time it will allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate institution court for this new judicial system.
There are urban urban workers and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know you've already solved is that they have a lot of hands.
There are many companies who want to install in America, especially in a place with a trade zone, and there's a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to immediately change somewhere else.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go to get a job, sometimes they're strong mothers who have to win money for just eating or buying clothes.
So sadly, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you seem to think about building a new city in Horutions?
Or would you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my horizontal friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus and this is my value.
But before you show them what there is inside, I'm going to do a public confidence, and it's that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find out, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog brought addressed and colorful and different for every time.
But it doesn't buy anything new.
My whole clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and seconds of second hand.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my guilt in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique -- and buying it into my personal search for testing.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my talk?
Would I like color the color, like color?
Are it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
Going back to the theme of my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
In the inner country for exactly a week that's all I put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after I got here to Palm Spirits.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in the inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
While I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I believe or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see well.
You can almost see you for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the chest, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
One: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be bad humor, when you're looking at a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars. The integration is superiorable.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself.
You just know yourself.
If you surrounded the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Rives: Guard of the child who you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me it seems to play the distributions, or I remember their little seven years.
I like to smile and say, "Thank you."
Joseph: The trust is key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good at something, it's probably true too.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years old I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to do.
Thank you.
Viviations: A universal truth six words for you: the golden links go with everything.
And finally, Saturday, developing a personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week, just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously, this is not going to go into my little balance.
So before I go home, Brazil, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because at the back of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and looking for me.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the optimism of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where would you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these are going to choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the members of this audience, your brain is something like this, with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty much logic to catch these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We have to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed with the years of the years is that one thing can be only in one place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't be born with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that the playing bar with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to pass them up, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations and they call it quantum mechanics.
At that point you found the physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, you never saw a particle at all.
But it was not good at my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles are still the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't be all the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to zoom it up a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the small metal trade.
What we see is a little piece of metal -- which is kind of traditional and supported by a platform.
And so I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this correlate straight of swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people get out of doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, really, scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel classmates of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expand all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turned out the lights, then we introduced a history and we removed all the air, and then we cool it into a temperature of less than a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, by being only on the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of being perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way it was vibrating was like a breathing in this way -- as a line that expands and contract.
And by giving it a smooth short, we could make it vibrate. And it doesn't live at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant and no vibration at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all of the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are very high, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are closed.
In the rest of time they're disappeared.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which is that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
I was worth going into a clean room to do this for all those years -- because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that metal of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you take your consciousness if your body was disappeared in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn the lights and look inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator actually are quantum objects that are just hostilized in a small space.
You hear a lot about quantum mechanics that are all interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amit.
And 18 months ago I did another job in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my head who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on sleep.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
I hit a great education -- I don't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible to technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So let's just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that are.
There's the Galaxy Galaxy, the Momans, the Emissance, the Redwood, the Gold.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorite favorites, to the Metrics, the New York Art Museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and fly, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bobby or Microsoft, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and be fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We opened the flat up, and with a single click, we jump in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the passenger.
Keep up ahead of it. They start them.
Enjoy it.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings -- "The Breeks of Print in the Metrics.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all methane information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the television technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- about 10,000 million peers.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million percentagers?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million peers.
It can be shorter around a very simple way.
You see things fun that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be depressed.
So I started play, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting."
I walked in, and I found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit of research, I talked to some people from the Metrics, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "manufacturing" -- which is to hit an eye with a stick, the Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can really get to the cracks, even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to get rid of the image, so you can really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night started "The Landare Landare."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the penishmen looking like?
And if you want to see how Google actually created this master work?
It gets it up, and I really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the night "translated? I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Collisions."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives you the same.
You can create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call "The power of the "Clay," we just made a torch around it.
It's about "The French National Gallery in London.
You can do things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these master work.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to your artwork of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question they do today is, "Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to complete the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying pixel.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy growing up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting at the Cars 1 in the last two decades.
So a while ago, if you wanted to win a formula of Formula 1, I took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what it is in engineering is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an authority.
The interesting thing is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronics have been covered in the last few years.
They are becoming the open air computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accepted.
To hide cities is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Paul Antarctica for purposes of year at MoMA during the summer.
It's called "The "Talk "The "Talk "The State."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actions.
And that is completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michigan self.
You know, when Michelangelo suggested the Mosqees, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and I brought it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit under a little bit -- and he said screaming, "I mean, "I don't know, "I don't know?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment begins to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples: insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and to act something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck in 2006.
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, played Italy and France, and at the end of the Wikipedia gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day watching activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collision in the middle and the Terrar River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early evening there are people over here, and there we are calling calls, moving around.
It starts the party, silence.
France. Goldie de Italy.
Entrepreneur. People do a rapid call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of regularly time.
First additional time, second.
Zinch, and at a moment, the head.
won Italy, yeah!
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massachusett where, from the time, people are going to celebrate, it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things we use and we consume things.
Today we know everything about the production of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the garbage in its device by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were broken, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of you would throw out.
Then we put a little chip, a label, to the garbage and then started tracking it.
These are the results.
Standing from Seattle.
After a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are many investments in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They're going on complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we fly is not somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we cut one day still goes there.
That if we show that to people, then we'll be able to promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Birtheritz, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zara.
It all started with a question of the city mayor that came and told us that Spain and South Europe has a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that they have a card and valves of soldiers, lights that are open and shut down.
It creates like a water correspondence, with water pixels with water.
If you fall out the pixels you can write in them, show patterns, images, text.
And when you get closer, the curtain will open up so we can go by, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Bell mayor.
He liked a lot.
And it makes a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Exploration.
We call it Digital Water Paper.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you approach it to open up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salary, you go down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "Do they define the building."
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when it gets down almost all the architecture goes away.
Here it is in work.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not move when we test the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Barbard came to the building, because the way they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let you happen, but a building that kept making cut and water holes, and you had to jump to not move.
(Consequence of people, and for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- the pixels of water, and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that moves with other singles.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels ...
You can play it with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen would appear in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom in, and go in, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real flower controlled, going down down to form a V, like before.
When you turn light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an entrance that comes from people, from the people's movement, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bolly -- one of the best whale dancers today, the New York City star and the Millennium Scannelline, to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D digitize in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can walk all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds -- like the big professor, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them going to do a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last couple of years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, from the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions -- how will it move from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collectively, collective form.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are peers.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered permission.
You can move inside, you can get different experiences.
You can see it from the bottom to be able to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics. And even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up, like a new summit of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital dress at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only some changes in your genes, you could improve memory -- for one more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, being stronger to be more resilient.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe it's from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to like?
What would you like to choose something?
(Middle Audience: Creativity. creativity.
How many people will choose creativity?
Hands up. Let me see.
A few of them probably had to be the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, the majority. That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just imaginative?
Or might it be possible?
Evolution has been a personal theme here at TED conference, but today I want to give you the look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, Thomas Bobous, who was also engaged in the Orthodox Orangular Church wrote a titled trial in biology makes sense to the light of evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Do you mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well in an end, is of course the most interesting us.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervention has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids.
Some have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem that we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individual, which comes out of the pancreas out.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think about -- when Antonio Lade put them out of the test -- think about bacteria -- think about bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria -- think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderful hospital for those bacteria.
It's clear, dark, female, it's very charge.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort in your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But therefore, we're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our lives.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future go?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or destined to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symbol of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies, the animal kingdom, as a single and only companies -- and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was recently introduced to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the joy and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the secular organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two different cells.
But when the multicellular organisms appear -- things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that passes the genome, the rest of the body becomes pressure.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of the body death comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was college student, I thought, well, sexually, sexual death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, every time I had more doubt.
I came to understand George Burkers feelings that he still acted in Las Vegas in her 90 years.
And one night someone beat his hotel door at night.
He opens the door.
And in front of it is a magnificent light dancing dancing dance.
And he looks at him and says, "Come on for a sex supply."
"It's "OK? He says, George, I choose the suicide."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different target to the goal of evolution, not necessarily controlled, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to move the genome to the next generation and adapt and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary view, you and I are like reasonable rockets designed to send the genetic charge to the next orbital level, and then let us fall into the sea.
I think we will all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expresses when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immunity through my work.
I want to do it not dying.
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily need the biggest or the strongest or the faster, and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the creative creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the technique bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoke that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked to the cow, yet they've managed to make that an electronic environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been destroyed and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to be adapted to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we mixer, and we get so excited that no longer is possible to have the insulation necessary for evolution.
A second possibility is that it makes a evolution of the traditional kind of traditional type, natural the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution roll down, but they're innovative.
And in terms of it. When as a species we collect distant planets are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The so-called networking name, new evolution, which is not simply natural but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First, we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society but it's what it takes to the individual and family level.
They also think that if it could be possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your destination, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the application?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demands 13 years.
It costs 27 million dollars.
The next year we ended up in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
It's not going to be a lot to be done so that the human genome is done by 1,000 and being increasingly more and more to the scope of everyone.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us of themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine that is growing in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the table?
That's true today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if they could change the cells of their destination?
What if they could change the sperm and the rules, or change the newly complicated, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove the diabetes, remove the humor, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same motor of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt hyperbolic spirits, better memory.
Why don't we have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenny especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Water machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be an irrevolved.
And when we are in conditions to pass this into the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become evolution from before in network.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can buy it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them to them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considerable?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more underground or more version?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the most profound thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions about this?
For good or for worse, and before what you might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor changed climbing, cloud, cloud.
Class, cloud, click, cloud. Sounds attraction.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting in the 12th.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assessments.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot pulls the plane with the Hudson River.
That's not usually the route.
Turn out the engines.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three more disastered words I've ever heard.
He said, "You know, "Depressed for impact."
I didn't have to talk more with flight.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terrifying. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the ones I wanted to replace, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about that, I was a phrase, which is, "Collection were bad was "Barrier."
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to throw anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has actually changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the bridge George Washington, which was not for a lot -- I thought about, "Oh, I really feel a great time.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve in everything I did.
But in my humanity as well as my ego.
And then the time I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship to my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to get right. Alex will be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is discovering, 15, 14, 13.
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please go away."
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we were down, I had the feeling of, you know, dying doesn't have fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all of our lives.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
One month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I shout out, a little bit like a little bit.
And for me, that was all the reason for being the world.
At that point I understood those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I came up with a miracle of not dying that day.
And I got another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
So you are flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens in your plane -- and please not be that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What's what they would do, they still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be?
Thank you.
I clearly have been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after she ran and said, "Dad, I feel an air in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has a total paralysis today.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation so that, obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony -- TEDMED, and its cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "Let's give them this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he is able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I -- I saw Stephen Hawking -- is it not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are someone important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the film "The Scanning and the Matrinshish?
They communicate in that way -- they go down with the finger.
I said, "That's architectural. How can it be?
So I came up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check, I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover out.
He engaged me with his brother and her father there at that very moment, "Well, this is the treatment: Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Gratchy Grate Research, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then with a laser fire, they draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come in, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the Battle attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot to move things from one side to one another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawaii.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing. I call it Euchon because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of him, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the corners of the planet -- to our house.
My wife, kids and I, we moved to the back garage, and these hackers and programmers and consumers and adaptables took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and when we went back to the walls of the walls and instead there would be graffiti in their place.
But for two weeks, we went to the Marine Vietnam Campaign -- my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
It's called French "Electricity, and you can see the description of it.
They're a couple of soul sunglasses that we bought in the Marine Bendon Virton Campaign -- some copper wire and things from Homo Department and Radio Sharon.
We take a PSA camera, we open it up, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds one -- we published the free code, the software goes down.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's his room.
And there was all this balance and I had a breath during the great opening.
And after more than a year, two weeks of programming -- two weeks of programming all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was feeling in the parking room.
The funny thing was that we had to break in the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an electronic email and this was what we would say, "This was the first time I was in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me, and I would get away from there so I could breathe out."
Isn't it wonderful?
In some ways, that's our war scream.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing us.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magical screen.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
So we've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong took something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up the circle -- is that in April this year at the MEC in the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Stars in the Stars."
And "Art in the streets is going to have the best expectations of urban art -- British art, CAPTCHAs -- all of them are going to be there.
TEDMED is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, you can make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scrapter -- nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology, I just met something and associated with a wonderful people to make it happen.
And these are the questions I want us all every day when we find something we feel like to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who?"
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a lot of dangerous.
I went to jail. difficult.
I worked on a coal mine, dangerous.
He filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating only -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career I've been immersed in horrible situations with the only goal of trying to try to look at social issues in ways that result attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, look at them in a way that you see strengths and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a bird in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my TED 2010.
What I had was the following: "And the New States NGO, my TEDTalk present, my TEDTalk who has no idea what it is and according to me in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that knowledge I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I couldn't tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we looked at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anxiety, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Spider: I want to make a film that tries to make the production of products and marketing and advertising, and that all of the film is funded by products and marketing and advertising.
The film will be called "The largest film ever selled."
What happens in "The largest film ever sold is that everything on top of the bottom is that all the way down to the bottom, has marks images, all the time, from the surprise that appears before the title of the X-ray of it.
Now this brand, California Stanford, the Stanford Center.
These people are going to be associated with the performance of the performance.
And so the film explores all this idea -- Michael Kassis: It's reducing -- is it really?
I'm a reducing pession. MK: I just say it -- it was more of a content.
It was performance. forever."
But we're not just going to have the explosion of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure we have all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most great shoe you've ever used.
The most great car you have led in "The largest film ever selled, the best wheat that you've ever drilled, corresponds to "The largest film ever selled."
Javer Khadandu, the idea is then in addition to showing brands as part of life, to make them fund the film?  MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the maximum respect for the audience.
Boy: But I don't know how much recovery is going to be people to it.
MK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Norway is very negative, but you know how it's going to represent? (Music: No idea. David Chris: How much money does it take to do this?
MS: A million and a half. (BF: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult to meet with them, but certainly it's going to be worth conventional to a couple of big brand.
WK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that film is coming out of us as a lot of joyful idiot.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia. Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  means you're not very optimistic.
So help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Very good. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what markets.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (Music: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought it was "going to be called the camera -- it meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell with that new worthy vehicle of attention that is going to take the message into the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a garage error and that error was this one.
It didn't really have such a mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you search for transparency images on Google --   this is one of the first images that you come in.
I like your radar way, Sergey Brian. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable. That is characterized by vision or access of information, especially in business practices -- the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president, the name, even the CEOs named it.
But suddenly when you try to make it reality, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, the transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that still goes on.
It's printed.   Like this rare rural road.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
I'll eat an entire table from Colo White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with only one company, an agency wanted to help me, and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kiribati in many years -- I realized that I would have to go through my own, I would have to take off the intervention and go to companies myself with all my equipment.
So what I started to warn all of a sudden -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge movies, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant people say that the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movie movies?
And the film is called "The largest film ever selled."
How are we going to specifically see Bank in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bomb, you'll see the banana Bank.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you go down.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there would be one of these fabulous arms.
Both "Fernister Flower "Look at "the Parkinson's "Windows?
We're going to have as much for man as a woman, solid, balloon, in bar, as it is.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer his questions and give them a pretty more more pretty more pretty more pressure view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies you ever tell, we're more good at a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that you have other brand.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering it Bank to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Bank is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the axis.
Man: We talked about something allie, fresh.
I think "it fascinates a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell and the substance."
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep free from more time? With better framework, more framework, three times faster.
Things like those of you who get the benefits out.
MS: And that's a multi-touch company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the common Peters.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your mark?
Man: Mamma my mark?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'll revive the '80s, punished painting unless it is slide day.
MS: Okay, what is the Geralie Mark?
Germany, something unique. (Music: Only? Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamorous."
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like this.
Usually I have access as a sunglasses of sun, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic construction, Mercedes Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand that I am, would call it "court fly."
Woman 2: In part hypothesis, in part in Pacific, in part Big, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of documents.
It sells toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I put the market in.
Man 5: It was free crazy Martin.
Is that something?
Leaf, I'm a lawyer.
Tom, I'm touch.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often classify myself in the intersection of dark glamorous and catastrophe classroom."
I realized that I needed an expert.
He needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the "market" problem."
And I found a company called Olympic Zalidoa in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nelson, Favorite, Halley to discover that personality.
If you could do it for them, you could surely do it for me.
Apple, travel photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things spread and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who wanted to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why -- what does that serve us?
What is the machine? What is the population that you find now?
Why is it important to reinvent? What does the red.
Tell me a little bit about that.
A bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metals have been having?
It doesn't have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountains are you?
MS: History? (A: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (Muslim: Great job. A, yes. (Music: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what you're going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linda Zupti: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides -- but interestingly, in your brand personality -- the Morgan Spectro brand is a secretation brand.
They are very well murdered together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong dots or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements, and you actually get a little bit positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic -- Apple.
And you can also see it here to Tarah, Wiki, minister of mine Copernets and Jefferson.
Now there are paper marks and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and came and a psychological brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A psychological brand. What is your mark?
If someone asked you to describe your identity identity, your brand personality of brand, what would it be?
Are you an attack attack? Are you somebody who makes the blood flows?
Or are you a distinctive attribute to it?
A bit more calculated, reserved being conservative?
The assault attributes are like being a drug being free like the Prince, contemporary -- adventure, addicted or bold like Errorous Florida, fast or gill, tree, magic, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you more at distinctive attraction?
Are you conscious. Are you a sophisticated property?
Are you sort of sound, tradition, proposition, protection?
Are you confident, stable, family, confidence, safe, sacred, collectively or wisdom, like the Dalai Lama or Iraq?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies, and and and unseen and destinations, they said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control about the final product.
We were allowed to tell the story of the neuroscientist, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of the desire in the brain as much for commercial marketing like five.
We went to San Paulo. We went to San Paulo.
Throughout the city for the last five years, there are no cards, no cards, no fly, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which companies are doing way in schools with liquid problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I have had the greatest answer or in which I've been more successful are those I have interact with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the interviews, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people think, who are going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you get it? Did they have successful?
Well, since the film is in the Suns Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burroughs the film is in January, and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in slide.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about, they advised their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you go wrong, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk at the risk is preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to laugh.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give it to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We opened the fear. We opened the risk.
From a sling at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to fix transparency.
Now more than never a little bit of honesty is going to go through a long way.
And I said that, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "article "Art Trade has been presented by my good MRI friends who for 1710, bought the rights of the name in Ebeste.
EM: By turning big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EMMA presents the Transportation of Transportation."
Thank you very much people.
June Cohen: So, Morgeti, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 1730s."
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a name at the name of the Mattering organization of TED, the Satelling Foundation, a crazy bus for 1710 to be applied to my TED attendance next year.
The idea behind the State Communication worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the United Nations evidence plant in Natalian.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves. We can cause a lot of problems with the central.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows instant.
It goes into the gray box, damage the central, and the nuclear program Iran is demanded. mission.
It's easy, huh?
So I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex on the Windows part of Windows -- the installed waste used multiple villagers to value.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Starrapher and we saw what happened to this.
So they spent very strange things.
Stewart was behaving like a lab of lab that he didn't like our choice: the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese. I realized, and I thought, "This is a direct attack.
It's completely directly."
The instructor is actively looking at the gray box if I find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stewart doesn't do anything.
So that's called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what's the goal."
So it could be, let's say for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better find out the goal soon.
And so we extracted and we discovered the code of attack, and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the dots to attack it.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard the Stanford install is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the payload is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old set language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense to this code.
What we were looking for initially were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
Then we were looking for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about disasters that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent shoe, it has to be a valuable white white, and it's safe to be located in Iran because it's where most infection has been represented.
You don't find a number of thousands of targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the National Narration plant.
So I said to my assistant, "This is a list of all the experts in the centers and plants of energy between our clients.
I called them and I consumed them in an effort to put their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital spread with the control of the robot.
The robot is that mobile part inside the central, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it up and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to do it slow and discover in an obvious effort to become crazy to the nest engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital employer by looking at data and their structures.
So for example, the number 160 over that code, cannot be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natain, and found that they are structured in what's called a scanning, and every waterfall contains 160 screens.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it became better yet.
These senses in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had with each other.
To make it not warning, it didn't.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in television cells, and we had to start again.
Even so, we found that both digital eyes pointed to one and the same goal, but from different angles.
The small hand is taking a screen, and making the robots translate and relax them, and the big man is communicating with six screens and manipulating tubes.
In summary, we're very confident that we have determined what the destiny is.
It's Natair, and it's just Natain.
We shouldn't worry about other goals being achieved by Star.
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and above you see the centrals.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values for example, from the pressure sensors and the violence sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack with false input data.
And believe it or not, this false input data is asked by Star.
It's like the Hollywood movies where, during the roof, the security camera is feeding video pregnant.
It's great whole?
The idea here is obviously not just going to look at the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and more agency.
The idea is to bring a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator couldn't act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is happening from speed, you have to open it up in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator, right?
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're engaged -- then you can pass things wrong.
The plant can explode.
And the operations or the security system will notice it.
That scares up.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrals, with uranium evaluation.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have a attack -- which will disseminate this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional language technology to design it.
I can design it as possible.
And if you did that, you end up with a mass of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
All the public has been made public in many sides that people assume that Mosetha is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Vanier: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Mush is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber supply.
There's a single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, lucky.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even higher.
CA: Thank you, Radio. Thank you, Radio.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be taken and give great skills -- or another one that makes you use the wheelchair to get up and go back and walk.
In Berkeley Bigs, we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not different from something that you put in the morning, gives you a great force, which is in addition to your speed, and it helps you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- you can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external ones.
This is not an wrong idea.
In order to show you now what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, it has to take over its back, a 40-year-old load and it is demanding to get even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries in the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage data.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the matter.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Portuguese Universal Human Cars.
Soldier: With the H5N1 exoskeleton I can bring 90 pounds per variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in films to drag and execute movement with great agility movement.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then I raise my strength and my resistance.
Stone Bellon: We are ready, with our industrial partners, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the wheelchair users on the wheelchair about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair in wheels around the world.
About one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens with frequency, very young people, with damage in the spine of the backbone that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging that is replaced quickly.
His only choice, many times -- by brain injury.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from their successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EEG who's using Amanda Boomer who 19 years ago had an injury in the verbal column, and as a result he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEGs, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the walls that send signals to the board on the back, here on the back.
There are also some batteries that give you energy to the motors in the hip. And in the knees, and they make it go ahead with this soft and very natural looking around.
AB: I was 24 years old at my life when I was a stranger jump in the air, skiing down the bottom of it -- I was paralyzed down.
In a second of a second, I lost every feeling and all movement from the legs down.
Shortly after that, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Let's never walk again.
That was 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last peak of hope for my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn how to get rid of it down in schools, scale rocks and even ride in bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, until now.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amazon, and all the users of wheelchair of wheels -- everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where the fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Arabia or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, know their cousins.
This is the world of wild Bonobos in Congo.
Bots are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimps are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where the deadly violence hasn't been observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tentale itself, the scenario of a violent conflict has been provided for decades and caused almost as many deaths like World War II.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The corner of hunting and deforestation makes you not fill a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world, and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear laughter.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as the apes "Do love "to love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, pressure and bisexual to manage conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kate Suffer.
Bonos, like humans, love to play throughout their entire life.
Play isn't just a game of children.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance for us.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of play.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors, diversity of connections.
And when you look at the Bonobo game you see the evolutionary roots themselves from laughter and dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique video videos taken out of the wild medium.
First, it's a bonder game game, and I don't talk about football here.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, it's got the ballot of the balls."
I just think that in this case, he loves him, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common both in bonors like humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- as the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is politics, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more translated, imaginative -- maybe the place where the amazing is reinvented.
And I want you to see -- this is Fuel, a young female who is playing with water from the water.
I think that like her, sometimes we play alone, and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact. And then the unexpected connections that we form are the real self-assembly of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these abilities.
In other words, play is our comfort form.
To adapt to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we leverage the maximum our game capacity.
The game is not fragmented.
The game is essential.
For bonos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and deployed.
When it seems like the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So first, we accept this gift of evolution and play together while we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I'm responsible for development from a nonprofit organization named Robin Howard.
When I'm not fighting poverty, you fire fires as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer bomb.
And in our city, where volunteers are going to engage a highly qualified person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But still, there was a racing career against the other volunteers to get into charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain I was confident in a conversation with the owner that certainly attracted one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside on the rain, under a paradish, in pain, which was a courage as his house was on fire.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was -- let's call it Leonardo Luther --  -- first to the captain and asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog, I was so closed."
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a business building to save a live being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an administration.
He said, "Well, you know, I need to get to the house.
I need to go up, through the fire, and I bring this woman a couple of shoes."
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the real firemen that at that height or less of that height had been finished to turn off the fire and walked into the main room in search of a couple shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my charge back to the staircase where I met my Night and the precious dog on the front door.
We took out of the house the tests for the house of home, where it was to expect, his treasure.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the owner of the house of the house that was grateful by the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness that she looked about was that someone had reached a couple of shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer ambassador, I'm an act of generosity for generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of acts of grace and correction at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
It all has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have done, or they're for achieving remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, do it now.
They serve food in a dining dining and clean a park of the neighborhood.
They're mentors.
Not every day, we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody else's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So you go into the game -- keep the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark Giussani: Mark, married.
Mark Beds. Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great administration of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things larger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED was happening this.
He was called automotive assembly breast.
And in a few years, the legs of LED came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LED did it accessible.
Lego simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and I became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce -- the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started to develop Litous.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Litorists are electronic modules each.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
Landscapes have a color code.
The green is the card, the blue is the current, the rose is the input and the orange color is the candy.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator regulator.
If we change the button for a pulse model, which is here, and now we have an interacting light.
We added this table to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Litous are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and sold, Litous allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it take faster or slower and just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Litous is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to libertaries to use.
Little lights, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We've given Litous Little kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how does a light of night work, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to the touch.
We've also taken Litous Little design schools.
So for example, designers without any experience start playing with Litous Litorists as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and flower, we have George creating.
(Consequence sounds)  A few weeks ago we took Litous Islamic design designers that have no experience in engineering, just in cards, wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a conference of conference active by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a lake made of plastic that has fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, Litous became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Litous has open source.
You can visit the web page, download all of the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So ahead and invent up.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
It was distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait a moment.
You can do it a little bit in charge.
We can get better we leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, do you take my time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they are supposed to detect, asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called Coller for America and they would be like a peace of peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with music.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we sent them to the wild global world.
They made big applications -- they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know A.
A city of the city of Boston.
Here it appears as if I would look for a quote, but what I really look for is someone clean it out when he gets caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at catching fire when he is covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this sort of synthetic way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Columb for America.
They were there in February, and at the time I was there a long time last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrogen.
But one of the members named Erik Milks noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with pills right in front of them.
So he did a good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application that you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it out.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can rotate it.
So it has a police component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 scheduled applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology is done.
And it extends in viral form.
A responsible of Hollywood city systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt triangles of tsunami.
It's very important that these trials of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens get rid of the stores taken off.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to register to clean up when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without frictions, organic and natural way.
If you know a little bit of government technology will know that this doesn't normally happen.
So software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that I had been done by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that even the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an application that shows in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of stretch of warning to the institution of government.
I suggest the best ways to work, not like the private companies, like many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather as the Internet.
That is, without restrains, open and generalized.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an ancient institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools so we work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Columb for America but there are hundreds of people around the country who contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given for versions with government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the DMV Army Augusting America, and all of those other things that put us crazy -- the government is essentially in the words of Tim Richard, what we do together because we can't do it."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to consider it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change. government.
And because the government ultimately ends out of us, remember that from us, the village? The way we think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to get loads of charge.
Well, after two years, I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially of cardiovascular.
This is the phone attention center of services and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott did this call.
And I put "pigurians in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the doors in the house, put good music and see if you go?
And it worked. So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the cardiovascular.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called Children's Congress."
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very clever people in the Office of New Yorker Urie in Boston.
One day, this happened really, comes up with this question: "Clintal in my garbage bucket -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to take it?
The Congressivity of Congress is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Congress Congress everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I came into the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Christmas? Yes. Live? Yes.
I went back home. I went home.
Good night, swimming architecture."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are suggesting and help others.
So one citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected to two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we pass the communities.
If we call control of animals, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we expect government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 feet.
And below is what we call business.
And we say that word very desperately.
But it's that waste that keeps that that holds us that that we finance as something that operates in our own, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sensitive.
Because this is where the real government works.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Oxford movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens that have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the Pete Food of Verology -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of us?
We can't get rid of government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to replace the government function so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so hard to act manufactured, only it has to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to retina, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk, everybody will talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care a lot to do your voices.
They're using their hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better work.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrogen, taking horror and dumping a garbage cube that has an architecture inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital memories that we're not only consumers -- we're not only government consumers that pay taxes, and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all the present, when are the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a malaria malaria?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I have noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if they're taught with feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it was a cartoonist, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned about my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a map, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the decisions in our home.
It was daughter of people who had been slavery.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1850.
She was born about 1880, and his experience with slavery turned the way as he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was a little girl and looked at her, she was approached to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then hit me.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at it, and he was approaching me, "Robert," still feels my airplane?
And if I said no, he grabbed me again, and if I said yes, I was a peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasions, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins running around.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At the beginning, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, and he pulled up the room, took me out of my hand and said, "Come on Brandon. The two are going to convert."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Brazil, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, "Man."
She said, "Now let me not do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do whatever you want."
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brazil."
I said, "Second, Mamma.
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you will always want your mother."
He said, "She is my skin, and you have to promise that always the care will always care."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mam, I'll do it."
Then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing as hard as the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mammai. So I'll do it."
Then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcoholishess."
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mam, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15. One day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where I pulled them, I would grab my sister and I went to me and we went for the forest.
We were just doing the crazy closes.
He took a beer suit, offered to my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. That's fine. You follow you, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today I do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I won't feel good. You can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happens? Take a beer."
I kept looking at it with force and he goes, "Oh, you won't still be thinking about the conversation with Mam."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mommy, tell all the grandchildren that are special that they're special."
I was declined.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this is going to spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virus, I say it for the power that identity has the identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the others that they really don't see it.
We can't get things to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been press during the ban property.
My uncles died from age-related diseases with alcohol.
And these were the things that we had to commit to.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
We have the largest incarceration rate of the world.
We have seven million people in medical freedom.
And this massive encyclopedia, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor or black communities, you find so much challenge, so much despair, it determined for these facts.
One in three black between 18 and 30 is in jail or in a conditional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Walcantis, Washington -- 50 to 60 percent of all young color kids are in prison or conditioning freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is a lot better if you're rich and guilty -- that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not clearly, but wealth is what the results are conditions.
And it seems like we feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are discovered.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, they lose you right for always if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 30 percent of the black male population has lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of waste loss is going to be as far as it was before they passed the law on the right to the vote.
We have this awesome silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they sit to 13 years old to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility to go out ever.
Right now, we are in a process of some literature.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have we taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for common crime?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty is defined by mistake.
In every nine people who are executed -- have identified one that is innocent and liberated from the death of death.
A rate of error -- amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never afford any planes if in every nine to go up, you would be started.
But we somehow isolate the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our fight.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the rebuilding and that it lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be limited.
They were worried about being bounded.
The threat of the terror was what he defined their lives.
Now there are older people who are approaching me, and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you do talk, make speeches -- give people to stop saying that in our history we do for the first time with terror, after 16.1 to 1600.
They ask me to say, "No, say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with security and decades of racial subsidies and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to commit to a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial sexuality without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done this.
I was in Germany giving conference about death penalty lectures.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's okay to listen to what you say.
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room stood in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our history, we can never have to get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately we would get to performance people."
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would run to people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you don't really worry about these difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are -- however, implication.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are accompanied by suffering, abuse, decline, marriage.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We ultimately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the destroyed ones, the ones that will never get to TED.
To think about them is, in some ways, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are. Despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity, with creativity. The development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well as heart consequences.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not only the bright and the baseline, but also in the dark and the hard.
Vaccine Hall, the great chocolate leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering the opportunity, we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be in places of despair and being testing."
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I think still in communities like TED, should commit them.
There is no connection related to technology and design, which allows us to really be truly human, if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks to meet Rosa Parks.
These women got together just to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carbo called me, to say, "Brazil, comes Mrs. Parks come to us. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to it?"
I said, "Yes, ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you go when you come from?"
I said, "Let's hear it."
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very smaller, very illuminal.
And in an occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Brand, I love that idea of equality.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted under understanding.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without a conventional freedom for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty of death.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with massive encyclopedias."
I gave it all my best speech, and when I ended up looked at me and said, "Move memory member."
And he said, "You will end up left, very connected."
At that time, Ms. Caribbean leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but really worth."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We need to find a way to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not that it's a landscape.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a killer, it's a pressure.
So I think there's a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts the opposite is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very illumination, very exhilarating -- it's not going to judge us for our technology, for our designs.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not because of the way the rich, powerful and privileged and privileged and the way they treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand really profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel despite destruction. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I think, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my responsibilities in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of door.
I go to prison, and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been trained to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what's not it?
The judge was forced as an adult, but I see a child.
And one night I was very late thinking about -- for God, if the judge can become something that you are, you must have magic powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think of it, but I started working on a motor.
I had a 14 year-old customer, a little, poor, black.
I started working on the mouth, with an anecdote that said, "Moor for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 75-year-old privileged black corporation?
In the mouth I put that there had been independent behavior in the accident, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a line attached to how in this country there is no ethical -- but a whole lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that money was a dream, or did it really write the driver?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but he had sent it to the cut.
They spent about two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --    I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went into the car and felt really overwhelmed.
I went in the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and so hard.
I finally got off the car. I walked into the judge.
I was climbing the stairs when I found a bigger black man -- it was the conservation of the judge.
When I saw me, he came up to me and he said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer? He said, "Is you lawyer? I said yes.
So I was approaching and arrows.
And I would whisper in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was surprising.
That was deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When I went in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this baseball motor?
I said, "Yes, Mr. I was me." And we started discussing it.
People started coming. They were all independent.
I was the one who had written those madness.
They came up with police physical police, the substantial pets.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, and all of them are functional because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, he reached to see the realization that he went and came out.
And he looked at the window and he claimed to hear all that grass.
I kept walking over here and for there.
Finally, this old black one, with face face -- walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of the lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest of a subject of the algae was offered because the conservation had entered the room.
The assistant was abandoned on the old black.
And he said, "Limble, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black stood stood up, looked at the seat, looked at me and said, "I went into this audience room to tell this young man who keeps his view on the objective with formation."
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds into justice.
That we can't really be really human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
Our survival is bound to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be looking at the fragile and compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, from this community, to help in your purposes to do something.
Something that's not a crash. What can we do?
BF: There are various opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum that is going to be able to get an effort to reinvent the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years.
And despite this, 40 percent of the cases of homicide are not concluded in arts.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are intended to make the law, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the crime in the U.S., in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said it has to do with the highest rate of encyclopedia.
What would you tell those who think that it is?
BF: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass efficiency in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the cardiovascular population.
And we let us convince the philosophy of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to persistent chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of getting those resources to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of criminals and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brank, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED. Thank you.
News, they grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Duck 2: Hammer in Somalia, Somalia 3: The police drives O.C. spray gas.
Document 4: Caps down. Document 5: Designer Citypeanshies.
Duck 6: social decision. Declare 7, 65 dead.
Duck 8, tsunami, the tsunami, Doctor 9: Christians.
Several consumers, war to the correspondence, massive destruction. Torn.
Recentage. Bank. End June. Egypt.
Crisis. death. Designer.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diantains, these are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could hardly be from the last six days, or in the last six years.
The idea is that the media press prefer to provide negative news, because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of every day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first side of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called a school.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger.
It organized and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we will prefer to look at the negative.
That old thing about the press, "If there's blood is sold, it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we are pressing.
It doesn't surprise that people think that the world is bad at worse.
But maybe not.
Maybe what really happens is we get distances.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, species extinction and water and energy -- we certainly have them.
As human beings are very good to push the problems, and in the long time, we end up with them.
So let's look at it in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has more than doubled, the average income per capita influence has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications -- has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, bars, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The marketing magnetic markets of the past century, the world's empathers would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supposed a lot of this is technology and finally, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that goes on in information technology jumped in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a self-interest in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and in the rise.
It's the result of rapid computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop any of the big challenges.
And even though it's grateful on a law on the left, it gets curved up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly faster.
And in this curve, the horses of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Australians call infinite computing -- sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, the synthetic biology, the fuels, the vaccines and the food, the digital medicine and the AIDS.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in "Jeopardy" in Watson, of IBM: IBM: From IBM: IBM:
It was fish.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline I'd had.
And I loved this one: "What I looked at this shorter.
"Jeopardy" is not an easy game.
I play with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd.
Today we can signal a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every inhabitant of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and turning it up.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story from Nanopathoma II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of San Silicon.
Nature troops ate with silver, and the same Natasha, with gold.
But the king of Santa, ate with aluminum covered with clothes.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than gold and platform.
For that reason, the tip of the Mongolia to Washington is alien.
You see, although the aluminum is 803 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and silences.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as a disaster.
We projects this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that's bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terms of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about check, it's about accessible.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the genome per day, 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity cost six cents the military per hour compared to the 15 cents.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Savanna pointed up the Voyager space to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn.
I took a famous picture. How did he call it?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent by water.
Yes, 74 percent is salt water, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, natures.
In a conversation with Dean Kanz this morning, one of the innovators of the bathroom -- I'd like to share with you, I was allowed to share with you, and her technology called Shanghai -- you know, it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any water source, soldiers, contaminated water, a legislation -- for less than two cents the gallon.
The Coke president just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have very happy confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 600 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that's made by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about it, that male warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And, of course, with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
I live in a world of information and communication that nobody could have ever predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dolphins -- PGS, images, books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they're disabled and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing is when it comes to health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Ph.D. Foundation something called the X California Lagoon Prize, of 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the teams of the world to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because it has AI, they can be taken, they can extract blood from the fingers.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the mortality load is 25 percent and there are 100 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence is a RNA virus or DNA virus that doesn't recognize to be able to call the health of health, and first to prevent the pandemic happen.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in the rise.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion market.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to go to the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never even heard of the global conversation.
What do these people want these people?
What would you do? What do you want to do that?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they were more health to the Ericreap, from a better education with Academy Khan and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you bring up three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive healthy healthy.
How about some voices you never heard before.
What if we give them the operations, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and power for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict for?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously only able to do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Florida.
It came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino and figure out how to fold protein.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supermarkets.
They've played these college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were added and started playing it.
And it's shown that today's recognition machinery today is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me enormous confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the bank.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It was the cover of the site.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before you will give them three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1853.
You might believe that you would be purpose, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very common common."
It was the mine.
I was very disappointed to the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red List of the IIShmetline.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're printing.
The flows still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept.
Because I was there in 1976.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate me.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't from there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, from a few manipulations.
There were typical telescopes of about 20 centimeters -- black barrier.
And the fish of this television was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it won more than the average in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had declined in half.
They marched to the five inches.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
So nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of the stranger fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, I started in the 1960s, Europe did a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fish, imposing industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Museum 4.
I went out to fishing on him, and we did studies in southern China, and especially in the sea of Japan.
What we captured was something independent.
Now we captured the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about a few rest, remains that are fish of coral reefs.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was thrown down.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start commercial fishing.
The background is going to be a soft coral forest in this case, to be a landscape.
This is a dead transparency.
They didn't eat them. They were disappeared because they were dead.
Once we captured a alive.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what they collect every time you go to an area where they've never seen.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of the game, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If you generalize this, something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity -- amount of orders, the truth of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. Changing because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life like normal and extraction it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the change of change.
And at the end of the end of keeping a few miserable miserable.
And that largely is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when the predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before we expand, is little frequently.
You don't lose anti-community animals.
You lose very frequent animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequently because we fishing.
Over time there is a few fish, but we think that's the point of time.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they expect them to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present, like you have a little bit of captain and so many fish in this area can't be used or usually not use the scientists in fishing -- because it's not scientific scientists."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreate the past.
We take back the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has run away, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to erase their point of time.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle East, for example?
I think that art and cinema may be able to fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Charles Bay Silicon.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Charlie Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that math and connections are like "America."
And if you think about "Seventhal -- if you think about why people get moving with the film -- not talking about the story of Polas, why do you get to stay with the images?
Because it takes something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one who will give.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alaska, the George Tension manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we will see why video videos are making viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars. Celebratics, singers, commons -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper notes in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in an instant.
More than 48 hours of YouTube video per minute.
And of those, only a little percentage is made viral -- it gets an infinite vision and makes cultural moms.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Berney Vanier: Oh, my God, God me.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Boy, what guys.
KA: Last year, Berlin Vietnamese published this film out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the representations in the popularity of the last summer.
But Bell is not supposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called the Mosquito Mountain Berlin.
I've already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kima.
Jimmy Kima published this grave that would cataly kick the video.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kima presents us new and interesting things and shooting them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black:  It's Vietnamese, Vietnamese -- you have to start the Friday,   Everybody wants to get the weekend.   You all want to get the weekend.   KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Friday Blah is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "The Dogo" was "done "The Double "The "People -- this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks as well.
But what happened this day, this particular view?
Well, I took the Tombood, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mysoff Science Tefed, was one of the first people to do a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of transportation creators adopt a view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parking parks in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the 20th century, the 20th century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon to be part of the phenomenon -- the people who are doing something new with that.
"No Catholic is a repetitive animation with a music correct.
So, that's it.
This year they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird -- you know there's a three hours version that you've seen four million times.
The cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity I woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were representations.
Somebody did a version to the ancient one.
And then it became international afterwards.
Suddenly, a whole community of replacement that made this happen from being a little joke to something we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who might have predicted "Doris Governor or Redwood Black or "No Cathering?
What script could I have written to be contributing to this situation?
In a world where two days of video is coming up for minute, just that truly unique, unexpected can be disappeared so that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protests against the crazy criminals in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Night, I was moved by not circular by the bicycle, but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly by the bicycle.
KA: Thanks to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Night made five million watched and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bernie Vanier: What does this mean?
Boy.
KA: What does this mean?
The creative creation creators of participation -- completely unexpected communities, are characteristics of a new kind of media, from a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines the popularity of the popularity that defines the popularity of it.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Biobear, started in YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit of owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- they're barely the current media, but define the future entertainment.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still broken.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
So you can imagine it as the communities go into Sachator, focusing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now they were looking at it.
It was refuged in silence.
It died broken by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in van, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get up, but we succeeded.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when they love to slow down the sea.
My mother, May, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a contracted marriage and two small girls.
For her, life was destined to a task alone, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her to be able to do it.
And after a four years of four years that defies fiction, a boat went into the sea sea showed by fishing shell searching.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was parallels, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a press with poison.
If you were able to tell us, we will first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat -- the constant rate of the engine -- it turns out in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were trained with the brand of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't break for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man that you collapsed and died in the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp -- we looked at Melodient.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up on Fortist, a kind of a working class whose population is composed of immigrants in it.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence to me, in Foundator, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the emerging English fragments were traded between people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT Technology of information.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assessment, and established an extra tutor in English and math, no matter what it should be taken, which was usually new clothes, was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the towels, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing on the "Shores and a graphic or "some graphics, "States, go home."
home, what?
Something in me was emerged.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get you up."
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed.
My mother was killed every night, but we found ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered microphones, all of the boat.
And my task was to be wake up until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then studied to be a state and opened another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and influences, and boys were trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and patterns.
They were created by centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic astronomical student, implemented with what I demands myself.
In the other, I was locked in accurate lives, tragic through violence, abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyer, I was choosing the young Australia of the year.
And I was catalyzed from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't meet.
So I read an anonymous resident of Fortist, it was now so Leaker, refugee and social activist -- invited to speak on sites that I never heard of, and in houses whose existence she'd never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the routine and the comfort of life in an Igbo suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, and he was having the day on the day of each of them and staying sleeping, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we went up to the ship.
The non-lethal newspaper.
"Do it, he said, "And you're not what you are.
So I talked about youth and education and destiny to marginalized and destructive.
And the more frankly it was talking, the more it was soldiers to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And even though I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be a unknown, a newly coming in, new on the scene -- and not only that it's okay, but it's something that I'm going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean to collect the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your protein.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is demonstrated, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that they would not have been allowed to be thrown down.
There was an energy there, an impossible optimism -- a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I followed my intuition.
I joined a little group of people who the slogan can't be done -- it was an irresistible challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I was making a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked up to good at night.
Most of our ideas were crazy but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
after one journey.
My heart again.
Three months later I had moved on, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the Confiscating was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was crashed.
At 17 became a concept of a Mandela whose mother was hitting her.
No support of his husband, it caused a slam to sue it and take the cause herself and much more reaching out when I won.
You can't make it designed to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melodle.
I looked through the marker of the shower and I saw her standing on the other side.
I knew it had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forty and we sat around his attack.
We told stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night, a monkey came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so crazy?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't been soldiers."
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Because we were and how life formed us, now we can see that the men who had reached our lives would have been frustrated.
The defeat would have agreed easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the ship.
Who could want that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in their lives, sharing brave on every wave, the constant rate of the engine, the horrible horizontal that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them anyway, I would do.
Translate Newton, and also the mother of so is here today, in the fourth or fifth line.
My story begins in Ramash about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the store Muslim Allen.
We were turning out how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian episode "The Malaria.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car and we surround the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Augustine, the great Indian warrior, was serious, he took a bow and with a floor to the ground, he got water.
We now do the same with salaries and machines.
The conclusion we took was that machine had replaced magic.
And that caught me a lot.
I felt a little bit more technological.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an appreciation if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't use my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow me, not to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his related pollen of boat.
And this technology of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a door led to a world full of images, parallels and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clocks and cameras prevent that we showed.
They set out our inspiration.
So I launched this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since I was 16.
So when I saw the iPad. I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are.
And put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
Narrator becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
It says, "Take your fingers on every light.
And so    And he says, "This box belongs to my name.
And so I get a character from the book.
At a number of times, I get a card -- the iPad. The iPad.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drugs, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we carry out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, really, illuminate your way in what you rest from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy was in a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bullet that I dragged into this magic device inside of the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the book books have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, shaped and guide you for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and the contemporary time.
These are the applications here.
We've all heard of heads and nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian contractors, the apartment?
These poor applications have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old old book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked down, attached to their PCDs, haven't gone out of the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to get out of the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections, of balls, stones, guards and coastals.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you've got to go out, and in a chapter taking a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So it creates a digital collection of photos that then can be put on the Web.
A boy in London puts a picture of a room and says, "Oh, I saw a route."
One child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the variations of the management between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we were trying to have an interaction where you go out with the iPod and the video of the video, and you have an increased reality of a group of animated points that appear on the interior plants of the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves in a moment.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and get them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is approaching each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves the natural world and that magic and joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of Radio was to go to a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she added a little coffee cup or you and asked patients, family and knowledge. What happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems that everyone, or maybe not everyone, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my school Schward, it's very simple.
It has a pigeon and stands off.
Every morning.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms to get there.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Hello.
And my doctor of choice has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is not at the same time when I need marketing assistance or some urgency of that style but looking back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect my school school, and before I get to my car, people start to talk to me, "Look, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people in their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little battle connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people may be able to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share them with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, come back into the control and be capitalism of their own boat, but it can also help us to health care because of the challenges we face, like the firing of the cost of medicine, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To do techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like these, but also by croptling.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the car boxes are.
And also, where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saves lives right now.
What we did was we did critical in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to go, you see a DVD, please send them where, and when it's open, you sometimes open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we did an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Lange, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Maria and someone collapse, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use their McDonald's cell to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce this one, not only like DNA 40, which is the name of the product, but also as DNA as well.
And we want to start it at the world level.
We're building all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the CEO of the DNA around the world.
Every time they are on vacation and someone collapse, it can be a relatives or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
You might be a message of message or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in their place.
Please Help us in this and not just improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is this photography?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
He mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera, the process was on the planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the player.
For me, the photograph had more to do with being in the right place, at the time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the player.
Pictures like this: a building in a very translated road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, keep a level of realistic.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of real.
And when I say reality I say photographs.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Pictures that you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real, right?
Are the details or the colors.
Are the light in?
What creates the illusion.
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly unimaginable objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some way you can create something that still seems transformational, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we train the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem realistic -- I think they're the ones that we don't even think, the things that surrounded us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
And as you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images meet these records, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of different images with perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image.
This is another example.
I might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a piece of stone.
And yes, I even did red the house on the top of the island so it would look more sleep.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning platform.
It always starts with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job by taking the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please do it.
It's a diagram anyone who took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general thing.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RISD microbes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many other people that we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance.
Speaking of technology with sexual curves is something new.
Here's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please join the lights.
It would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves in logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where we say, these are the years, or some time unit -- and this would be any measure of technology that I'd like to grate, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you graph, for example, some other technology, like the transportation in a sexual curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will move as fast as microbes past tomorrow, we could take a cab and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it's not going to go to that rate.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a feedback that every few years advance magnetic magnetic.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until it turns out something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
This line is in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is, what is that new way that I adopt the world?
How new is the world done?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember as a child in the year 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been collected, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale in which I'd like to do it is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we came back over 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If you look at the way those chemicals were organized -- we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes in its inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so forth.
And they started dividing.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms that are on the top of the oil.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they divide out an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every single Google was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow were infected by being better than the time to incorporate the central chemists -- they grow more, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer. They were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick.
In some ways that we don't understand these robots that were actually learning to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they launched in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved over 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 mechanisms of white dust that I try to hide the airport security people.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments, and I explored it 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card. I have a lot for all the present -- in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a school I would have put it into a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years old.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and put them back to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant resistance resistance because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synthesis.
So they survive or they failed together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were represented more and they were failed by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close to it, so they were in fact, and they decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage interesting for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different kinds of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-lay community.
We have many cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain or so on.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And building very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record and understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not at the time of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learning to not eat some fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because before they had built these data processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those structures of information will dramatically accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time needed to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in my head.
I'm here sitting here by emitting a few grades, and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in your heads that I hold certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated that we become sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism now.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to perform abstraction.
Now we go through similar periods to multi-language organisms, we abstract our methods of records and presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. citizens, the video, the CDP, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds now.
You saw the evolutionary example of the T where it produced some evolution with the conventional program, before our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you about took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language and so forth, took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeding, I suppose the car is the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this correlation of the curve.
We see that the process is feeding.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design them would not be possible without the recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions.
Instead of that, with the designers of Thomas Machines, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that was before you couldn't get a lot further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it involves methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please, you can run a hundred million sequence sequences of the algae in the alphabet?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, run all those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more likely to get numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer," could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that make the task better?
We save those and we eliminate the rest.
And now we reproduce the best numbers that the numbers were ordered.
And let's play them back following a process of analog resistance to sex.
Let's take two programs to give you children, which are embracing substances, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs that are produced by programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
Change again.
I put some mutations in.
It tries again and collection with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than the ones that I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to look at them to see how they work.
They're dark programs, strangers.
But they get the comment.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a hundred thousand programs that succeeded.
In fact, their lives depend on it.
I once went in a 747 with Marilyn Minister and he pulled up a card and he says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants who work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel contraction?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes very differently.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand all the choices that are there.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, so we can run these programs much more quickly.
So it's feeding.
The thing is getting faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are removed.
We're going away.
And we are at an analog moment to the universal organisms when they became multicultural.
We're the films and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we are all part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'm going to stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've spent enough time to let me get part of my false practice in that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball here.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's for "going out "Robots -- talking about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope that many of you know it.
It's called the battery average.
And we talked about 300,000 of a mouse that battle 300 dollars.
That means that the device battery effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game camp without being arrested, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 popped battery in the Great Lifes?
Well, really good, perhaps the team of stars.
You know how you call a 400-year-old baseball battery."
By the way, that's someone that from 10 hits -- about four.
Leggarian -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Great League of Bearer to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have applications and they're developed to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a way to be loved has two obstacles obstacle and their family doctor gives it to a cardiologist whose record in Afghanistan is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's getting better at this year.
And their things have been 255.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or orthopedic surgeon of a nurse or a connective observator?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the ones of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the currency of being perfect.
That never -- never, make a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a complicated community.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldie studied to a blood test.
Such that.
I studied in my little back, in the rest of the General hospital in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything about memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every art coming out of the stream, the digital differential diagnosis and the not hard.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tuna accessible.
And so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And in medicine school with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because this is how I was immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Druggie.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mr. Drug service service where I was working.
At the time I was assigned to the cardiac service.
And when I was able to make a cartoonist consumed to a cardiologist I was playing that patient.
And let me inform the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Druggion, I was standing away.
I heard a solve sound.
And when the audience was, I heard a stranger sound in both sides, which gave me a consumer heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of breaking blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are floating from blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on treatment that I would give him.
I gave him anti-community and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
I gave him the diabetes, the water pills so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And there it was when I made the first mistake, he sent her to his house.
In fact, I made two mistakes.
He sent her to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and build it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to bring complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
I might not want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said, "Global, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure. I was so insecure. I asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Druggie, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said to total nature, "Yes, I think I'm fine."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high, and the ambulance with the paradigms took her to his house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something that I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there is another nurse, not that I was taking care of the Mark Market before, but another one, he said to me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid of.
Other specialists also fear them, but there's a particular amount of particle that we see the patients failed.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his home?"
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she goes back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
By a time of having come to his house, after I gave him the height, he suffered a collapse and his family called 9611. The paradigms brought it to emergency with a tribal pressure of 50 miles of Hup, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and I was blue.
The emergency staff took all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the art pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was commonly commonly commonly sacred.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the establishment was in intensive therapy and waiting against everything that would be recovered.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a critical brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they came to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Dravel, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
And the next week, I was fascinated by it and experienced for the first time the evil shame that exists in our medical culture, and I sat alone, isolated without feeling that shame, because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake anymore.
It's that shame that leaves an teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad at inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't for my boss. He was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I put things out and make sure that they don't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss -- why did he send her to her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a stranger so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
Why did I choose medicine me?
Little by little that feeling was disappearing.
And I started feeling better.
And in a nice day, he opened the sky and finally came out the sun, and I was wondering if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I set up the efforts to be perfect to not make any more mistakes -- I would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back.
Two years later, I was in the emergency department in a community hospital in the north of Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain on the throat.
I was very busy and happy.
And he pointed up here.
I looked at his throat -- he was a little bit color.
And he sent him penicillin, and he sent him home.
But while he runs to the door kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guard shift, my boss asked me to talk to me in the office.
And it came up with three words: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the grandmaster?
Well, he went back, and he didn't have a strategic facility.
He had a potentially deadly impact called editions.
You can find it in Google. It's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper area, and that can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't happen.
You get antibiotics for it and go back to the few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representations, then I joined and went back to work, until again again and again, and again.
Two times in the same area of urgency.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They ordered an X-ray X-ray and it turned out normal -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity on the lower right and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read liquid to reflect and asked my colleague to record it.
You check it up, and when you notice some sensitivity on the bottom right, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every case I was angry, I was slide.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a corner.
The most significant people have been over the last five years.
It's just embarrassed and supporting.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach them that so they don't eat the same errors?
If I walked into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you don't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well as a demonstration in my hospital admitted the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that you know, the ones that have a lot of results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about diffusion and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical practices and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto State to my program, "What my program was written by the Stanford State to my program, "What my program was written by the Stanford Star Art Black."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unique.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs prescription in the hospital are wrong, or destination is not right, in a system where the infectious infections are increasingly and more numbers, providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian people die for underlying medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 dollars.
In both cases, it's all about flying underwater, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years, and we don't update us.
The deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, come up with limited eyes and with allie to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is destroying it.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't account their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as taught us, and we eliminate all of the professional properties to error -- well, there's no one.
And with respect that people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program, "Alley" white, black art is already a company saying, "This is my worst mistake? I would say to everybody, from the paradigms to the head of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes and would lead the microphone to them.
And their students will stop, and they go back, they go down the head and they will be saved and they start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't commit the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a redefined medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
Reduction physician is human, it knows human, it accepts it, and it's not proud of its mistakes but it is effort to learn what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It turns out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that humans run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes of time in a while.
My name is Brian Goldie.
I'm a reduced doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot of it, but I'm very excited to learn something that can transmit to others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day on a day for a day for a day of us?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
A little bit ago I did a survey to over 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick up a average American.
It doesn't do a lot, in a research for a week to a group of business presidents in a week.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that are taken by these executives and the time they went into making decisions related to those tasks.
They found that on average, they drive 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of the time of an hour.
How do you heat the way that you manage those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the current -- I want to choose to the operation of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
While I'm talking about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm a blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the operational operation?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, it was represented by this very, very high supermarket, at least at the time was very sophisticated at the time.
His name was Dradan.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and glass, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the world with the whole -- and this was when we took the flu water.
I loved going to that store, but at one occasion, I asked myself, why never bought anything?
This is the sort of olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in the sealed box that come from military trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and said, "Is this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with measures.
Step.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a post to say, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six baseball baskets, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what can people be willing to stop testing me?
More people stopped when they were 24, 60 percent, than when there were only six percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a measured steam.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24 -- only three percent came to buy measured.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought measure.
If we do the calculations, people were six times more likely to buy measured if they found six -- than if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy measured is probably a good thing to preserve the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to say, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Hura, Embarrass Kamen and Web January, where we looked at saving decisions for the retirement of about one million Americans, from about 250 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of supply workers available into savings sales for retirement -- 401 program, demonstrated people to save for the future.
And we found that I really had a correlation there.
We had 650 plans that ranged from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered -- there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- we see that on the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as you wanted to.
And on the plans that offer about 60 funds -- the participation rate went down to the '60s.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the greater the number of choices, the more people were unable to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As much as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in terms of market finance.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recover to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, that they apply it even when it goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfying things, even though they're objectively getting better.
The main reason is that we Google to look at that giant variety of money, mustard and virus and measure, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that awesome exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we have tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Christ.
You've already heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which is more than more.
People are always bothered when I say, "Compared."
They care about losing space in the front.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of strange redundant choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you get the costs down, there'll be a better experience in choice.
When Paul & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head & Schwardstress to 15, saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldie Catholic Corporation eliminated the products for cats that are less sold -- they increased the users in percent, by two causes, higher sales and fewer costs.
You know that the supermarkets of today, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart. It's about 100,000 products.
But the world's largest store in the current world is Alliler and offering only 140 products -- a kind of tomato tomato sauce salt.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to drive the choices better is David Ladies, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a life of life.
Those who really want to choose, they are offered 20 funds or not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important options.
The first thing I do is ask the employees, "Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't tell you, they won't be able to do their customers."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Garden.
He told me that it would be willing to offer people from this audience with a vacation with all paying the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you an applause if you're ready to take Garah supply.
(Playful -- OK. Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that trip?
I think it really agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first round than in the second, but I can go and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of the opposite of choices, which is Congress.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences must feel very fast, very concrete to them.
Why do people spend 15 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash.
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shaho Benki and Alexander Prize, on the staff of NGO -- the people who were working on INERLen, these people were in a meeting where they were being stuck to a 401 plan.
In that meeting, that we built exactly as it was used, we made a little bit of addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about positive things that happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the 20 percent and an increase in the number they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine path.
We saw that in the Western supermarket, along the North corridor over the Norwegian corridor -- the magazine exhibition can contain from 331 different kinds of distributions to 660.
But you know?
Because claim tells me how to tell them.
These are two exhibitions of jewelry.
One is called Japanese and the other, "Sing."
If you think the one on the left is Sweden and the one on the right is Jack, they give a palm.
(Playful -- well, there's some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Shear, you have a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Shear. But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something that you choose, not that it defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds.
I bet who are you informing?
My fourth category, condition to complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase the complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German range of cars that allow it to be customized completely.
You have to take 60 decisions to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, color outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box, four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which the decisions.
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few choices, four box, 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to see?
How involved you are.
If you act always the button for defect in every decision, this indicates that they're advanced, or it is, we're losing them.
We found that those of you who go from a lot of choices in a few operations, offer the button for defect over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, you go there.
Same information, same number of options.
The only thing I did was I altered the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy, you learn to pick up.
Even though they choose the box of changes not saying anything about the preferences of interior decoration.
We are excited about a product that we are building that now has more excited to the process.
To breathing.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of options of option, cut out the widespread alternatives -- contraction, making it real, classified, we can drive more categories with less choices, and to communicate complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives -- or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for the people who are going to serve.
So I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful at the time.
And the more careful we are in our choices, we can actually practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, I should register it to the government.
You had to register an example of an example written with the machine.
And this for the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a desk with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't conceive that someone could do this, so much that it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow paintings on each page that follow a pattern that makes them own and on their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of a lot about this.
This is an example of ways that our governments use technology against us, citizens.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world, we can turn the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're criminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golding of the city of Kirody, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to win a lot of money, the huge amounts of money.
There are really a lot of millions of millions of millennia, multiplayers, who won money with their attacks.
This is Playaban Taska, in Targen, State.
This is Alfred Gondens.
This is Stephen Watton.
This is Born Sunday.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tar Alzheimer's etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their fortune online, but they do it by illegal media by using banking trees to steal money from our account when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this sir, Sam James, and this story had 14 million dollars when he was frozen frozen.
Mr. James stands down, you know his parallel.
And I say today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a cybercrime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong in worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attention to importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have been disconnected in the last 12 months by taking a disappeared role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks. The criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group is the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Dianotic Dishes.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Dinit is an authority of Central countries, or, actually, it was.
I declared the last fall, because of a show.
They survived the security of the site, and they lost a cybercriminal.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Republicans of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to play the death of people because of the attack to Discovery.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What are the certainty the certainty?
Well, you need a website if you have a website with stories, service services, services like Ghanai.
Except that they perform a foreign certified authority.
And that they emit appropriate certainty.
And in the case of Diego happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the sector of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the burn of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this cardificate called "Facebook Standard."
And within that folder there were notes of a company with see in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications the communications of citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters are right here.
So the Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are doing this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the traffic Scottish -- a traffic used by official government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like the Scottish Scottish to infect our computer with a tree to allow them to see all of the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about that?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy doesn't be dispute.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, whatever right we get today, will be forever.
Will we blind in any future government, in a administration that we could have in 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, at the south part of Natural Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to the most part of the South, which means that wild animals like the brain migrates freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it dead and I felt very bad because it was the only storm we had.
My community, the mass, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and that's why we value it so much.
So I grew up holding a lot to the lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they are also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years old, is responsible for her father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this is actually not served because it even helped lions to see the lower low.
I didn't get up. I went on.
One second idea was to use a spirit.
I was trying to train the lions to think that I was near the scale.
But the lions are very smart.   They came the first day and saw the spirits, and they were left, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move --  And so they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the lobby with an artist, and that day, the lions didn't come out.
I found that the lions are afraid of light to move.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which to lose and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
It took everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the little boat box. I call it a transformation.
And the indication box makes the lights down.
As you can see, the light bulbs are going out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights delivered and they give the lions to think that I'm walking through the scale, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with the lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals the lions and asked me if I could put the lights on.
I said yes.
And I put them off. You can see the bottom of it, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now all over Kenya, to scare other predators like hyena and leopards and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brown International Brooklyn, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and awareness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and teach them how to put them.
So one year ago, it was just a child in the meadow of the savanna holding the cows of my father, and I used to see planes flying around, and he said that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with the lions without any conflict.
Assense old -- what in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship. Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next in your list?
AT: My next invention -- I want to do an electric fence -- CA: An electric fence close?
AT: I know they already invented the electric fences but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try it once, right? And you -- RA: I've tried it before, but stop because I got a call.  CA: On the foot of the coal, Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to animate in every step that you do, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. IA: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No "Invite Not."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim ID, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South America, Japan are the enemies.
Though sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed all of a sudden changed.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution when I was seven.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister.
That said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existence in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're raised together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we are prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete from my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at the face of his mother without being able to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during the famine, and only few survived by eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They were also getting more and more often, the energy cards, all of me all around the dark night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always asked myself why they had light and us.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which is a limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very anger in certain points, allowing robots to grow secretly up.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I left North Korea, but I can only say that over the years of the famine I was sent to China to live with distant people.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years coming back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life as a North refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was reversed, and it would be represented to an awful fate back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in police station.
Somebody had been accused by being a North North, then they tested my skills in Chinese language, and they asked me many questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation an officer said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depression.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after an international pressure.
These robots were not so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and depressed North Korea, where they are tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can hold in an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Based on South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South America.
We're all Korean -- but in the inside, we've gotten to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even through an identity crisis.
Am I sweat or northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call with pride my own.
Even though to adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the example of the university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korean authorities made some money that sent to my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force at a remote location in the outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese -- I had to guide you, in some ways, for over 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once our bus was arrested and added by an official of the Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity of everybody and started asking questions questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I immediately stood up and said that they were short people who were accepting it.
I looked at me suspended but fortunately believed me.
We did all the way up to the Landa border.
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards in London.
But even after spending the border, my family was arrested and contributed to cross the border illegal.
After paying and brothers, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in Lake capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was replaced in prison to short distance from the South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more software or white.
I lost hope.
At that point, or the voice of a man will ask, "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would matter to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without handled, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and take them out of prison.
I gave him all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he said.
"I'm helping the northeast people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown binary symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community is really the emissions of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separate from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practices of English language, labor practice.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea, and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans in the whole world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central Center.
This is Central Center, the loop stores, rapid food, ballot land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed the angels in South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the Angeles South --  Tensal stores, rapid food, ballot land.
Like 24 million other Americans, live in a food desert, the Angeles Central South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to bring more people kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying in rural diseases in Los Angeles.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than that, say, Beverly Hills who are about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come out of house you see the data effects that the current food system has in their neighbor?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as cars used.
I see center cells like Starrows.
And I think this must stop.
I consider the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also got tired of driving 45 minutes out of age, and it comes back to buy an apple that doesn't have pessimists.
What I did, it was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a picture of land we call a garden.
It's 45 feet old to me.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we put together and start planning our forest for food, fruit trees, you know, nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are sort of a group that is paid by advanced companies from all the processing, all over the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, was beautiful.
Then someone complained it.
The city came to me on top of it, and in summary, they gave me a quote saying that I had to remove my garden, the catch was made judicial order.
And I said, "Come on, right?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one's matter?  So I was like, "Well, call it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Libra, and he talked to the concept and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Christmas with 900 families, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concept even called to say they went back and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more ballot terrain.
It has 68 miles of ballot land.
That equals 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 750 million plants.
Why don't you tell them that well this?
Growing a plant to give a thousand seas, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of hands will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my six, when I tell people, raise your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South America.
I grew up there. I grew up my children there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my chart, I grow my art.
Like an artist of graffiti -- which is excluded walls, I eat soils, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my employee of that canvas.
You will be surprised to see what land can do, if they let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, a transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
You'll be surprised to see how kids affect the kids.
Garden is the most therapeutic and profitable act that they can do, especially in an area.
Also, they get cold.
I remember an occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like the 1970s, at night and they were in my backyard, and they were very slow.
I, well, man, I felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "No, don't you fear that people will steal your food?
What I say, "Oh God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
So it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a shelter for slides in the center of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous -- I was shared by their stories about how it had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed -- so just for a moment.
So Green Greeks has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate -- all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat colony.
If you grow topics, you eat tomatoes --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, they eat blind what they are in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're appropriately. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them nowhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are contributing to their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Carbon is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of the Earth, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same square.
I want to get containers and turn it into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to support it.
What I talk about is to try to work with people, take the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers in farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want everybody to become ecological researchers, supermarkets, substantial gardens.
We have to change the script of what's a subsidies.
If you're not a garden, you're not a supermarket.
What the substances take their ball right?
That is their choice weapon.
In addition, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some market -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to look at the garden with your stick, so we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
Mario sounds)  (Playful pictures of microscopes.  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asserbation, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it leads a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that you sat.
And especially if you go together in your bicycle and these cars pass up, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution to that is to do expensive attacking lanes.
The porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands, has portraits and water can pass through it, so all the rainwater will flow down to the sides and have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't be supported by water anymore.
Noise will also disappear in these ports.
Because it's very hunting, all the noise will disappear. So it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is that going to be? You see that in this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can damage your windshield and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create batteries with that.
Oh, he's ready.
Back, of course, you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little amount of addict between the stones.
Because of the intervention, to the ultraviolet light of the or the oxygen, this advance, this battery, the glue between the liquids, will be collected, and if you get coming, you will get microbes and it will separate from the addicts.
So if you drive the road, you will take the addicts -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of refugee materials.
If we can make this material reform, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel land, from that to clean out, and we can cut the steel lane into very small pieces, and we can mix those little bits with the battery.
So we have a hands with little bits of steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a manufacturing machine.
The industry can heat up, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow by these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
I used a microphone oven, because I can't bring the big industry in the stage here on stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested a lot of samples there, and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So we gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters of the authority application, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took many samples of this road and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we repeated them after our independence, and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've done a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even the life of the surface of the road, can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before I can show you how the repair is.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the jewelry in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news usually depressed it.
"The Taliban were standing on my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban were approaching Afghanistan and made illegal girls to go to school.
For the next five years, I dressed up as a child to hide my older sister who could no longer be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the stock of the market so that we seem to be shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us who are stuck in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in the school, the school was clearly closed for a week, because the Taliban.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were arranged, but still, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total demonstration of a remote province of Afghanistan insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school and that her father was replicated.
But my education mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will go back two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk in not education.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to record, but my father said, "Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So don't you want to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the school, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud to graduate at Petro College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandmother, the one that was excluded from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate her daughters, one of the first ones to congratulate her daughters, and he was one of the first ones to congratulate her daughters, and he was one of the first ones to congratulate her.
He doesn't just get rid of my university degree, but also I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who led it to the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1965, a global campaign to educate women.
This is why I cofounded South Color, the first one and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is, I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my families are advocating for them, despite and still in front of an interrupting opposition.
Like America. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were on the way from Solar to his village, and literally they were excited about being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When they got to his house, they are the phone, a voice shown him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they will try.
"Let me go, if you like, "But I won't hurt the future of my daughter for your old old idea."
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we transplant, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they often are the first compelling interventions of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't take a lot, after the U.S.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look back at the students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, who encourage them, I see a future future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities and every day the U.S. girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the example, "How "Hair," resist Gatelling. It fights it.
But you never become a Gatelling revolutionary revolution."
They have spent almost two years since the landscape revolution inspired by the sunlight of mass movements both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with many other Syrian citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of function and start a revolution against the terrorist regime of Gabby.
And we succeeded. It was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the value, demanding the decline of the regime, bringing prints of freedom, dignity and social justice.
You've shown an example of example in dealing with the brutal dictatorship of Gabby.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the type.
However, Gaddafi, left a heavy load -- a legacy of tyranny and corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the Titan regime of Gaddafi, destroyed infrastructure, the culture and moral structure of the liberal society.
conscious of devastation and challenges, I've wanted to, together to many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the time, immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trina.
After a 37-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Planning of Women Liberia for Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the social autonomy of the woman and for our right participation right in building democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the prediction period, an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is moved from the selfish policy of Sunday and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won an 17-year-old from the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little enough, the power of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappeared every day, we found violence news.
One day we wake up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi substances.
Another day they came up with the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the oil officer of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continuing violations.
Our society, formed by a revolutionary mindset, polluted more, and has moved away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intervalid, the exclusive and the shame became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire us with our story of the success of "climate "class and elections.
I'm here today to tell you that we, as a nation, choose bad, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
The crime list and the alternative between candidate and candidate brought peace and national reconciliation.
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society to continue polarized and dominated with selfish policy and exclusion, both for men like women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, machine and inclusive values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage, and we can call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and microbes.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honest, but it also puts the mystery in practice, instead of violence, collaboration instead of competition, including it instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that tries to interact and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a correspondence from the Koran "Salmon" -- payment -- "It's the word of the massive God, "Obey, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Child," which is known in all the abusive traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "The word "The World and Mathematical -- which leads to all the humanity that men and women -- that all the tribes and all the peoples have fallen out.
And so just like the uterus covers completely the embryo that grows inside, the divine matrix of the compassion of the nuclear compassion all existence.
This is how I say, "My mercy.
This is how I say, "My mercy.
That everyone is given to the grace of microbes.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an international question, which has an equally understanding answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that they all do always, why is she left?
Why would anyone go to stay with a man who stays it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to count.
I was 22 years old. I just looked at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in September magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American card America, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who I created my twin soul, I was pointing to my head with a shoe, loaded with horse balls.
The man, I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Lord Lovement, a psychological trap.
It could even be your story.
I don't see a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a place in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing.
I've spent most of my career working for companies from "The Fire 500 list, among them Johnson & Johnson Leonardo and the Washington Pole.
I have almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker, and I drive an Minister Honey Osnago.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the reasons, all the religion, all of the levels of rest and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the males are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and interdependence and long duration or said in a different way, in the families, the last place where we want to do or hope to find violence, which is why domestic abuse is so disability.
I myself would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who sticks him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, novels and humanitarian husband in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Control in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting at my side in New York subway and started to flow with me.
It said two things.
The first one was that he was also going to get rid of a university of the Indus Language and worked in a very important bank on Wall Street.
But what struck me most on that first encounter was that I was ready and fun, and it seemed like a boy of the field.
He had big motors like apples and a wheat board, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that I did Control, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it mostly at the beginning of the beginning of a pedestrian.
We started coming out and loved all of me, which was ready, who had gone to Harvard, who had passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I found it in me, as a writer, as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that's why the technology in that school prestigious and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduced and to do the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go to New York City and leave my dreams work, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted my job and I went and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a little love "class that was entering a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reaction.
And this is where you go into scene those talks.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that place where I supposed to have to feel so sure you bought three pitches.
One was in the car.
Another one was held under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those talks because of the trauma he lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those talks actually were a message for me, and even though I never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Consor happened five days before our wedding.
It was the seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother from my mother and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very remarkable.
He just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving to a secret beach, and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I noticed several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our mile of honey -- he ran through the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold to the face.
And he kept asking for a week or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is victim of domestic violence or anything at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control that every year 15 million children are males, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
So coming back to my question: Why was I left?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply awful man, and it was the only person in the world that could help Congo face their demonstrations.
The other question everybody does is, why don't you just do it?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the most sad and painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a males.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence are happening after the victim has put end to the relationship, after the laptop, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other reproductions include the permanent thing, even after the abuse has come back to married, the progression of financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to address the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not supported with the man who would pay their mother.
And we still keep asking why it doesn't simply go?
I was able to go to me, because of a last piece of street that came to my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, to the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to strength as spinal headlines as spinal headlines as substantial women, self-destructive women.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people is a way to say, "The guilt is his for set up, as if the victims will really choose to fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Love Lovema -- I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also encouraging, who learned an inevitably lesson of what happened to them, and they rejected their lives and happy and happy lives like employees, wives, and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I came back to marry with a third and a nice man and we have those three children.
I have that black book, and also that minister.
What I'm not going to have never even more, is never a charged pistol pointing my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, they are just thinking, "Hey, that's fascinating? Or "Hello, what a stupid was, but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that are being highly blamed or that they were small or they are abuses themselves.
The map could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
And abuse is only about silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply throwing light on it.
The victims need all over the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They pick up the marriage to the light talking about it with their kids, their job, their friends and family.
Just rethink your vision of survivors like fantastic and fantastic people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously to stop their climb and show the victims a safe salt.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful killers that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years now.
And I feel that at this point there is an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of lucky to preserve it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to tell it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These talents are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater by your head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so they don't do anything while I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he grabs the back and would take the head of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial brother like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our appearance, which, although surface and unusual, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, for me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's going to be a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say, "A salaries discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made my model model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we've not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admit, we have also associated with a high and solar flow, to the female and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- I have an heritage that I've known to take out of money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing a school, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait. There are Naomi -- Turing, Joan Shrimps, Life Well.
First of all, happiness for knowing so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 670 controlled models, only 27 percent, is to say, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people always do is be able to be model when it's more?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know about that.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a black heart surgeon and poet, which would be impressive because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, they still instantly, no, no, Cameron -- I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss, yes.
Because I am not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of reduction from American American magazine or the CEO of HIV, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike heart surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have just finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your back, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "Model of interior clothes for 10 years, people will look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are recorded.
And yes, practically all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me, and also the first time I used a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
So I went along with my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a painting party a few days before the pictures for French vote.
So here I am with my football team and the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They're creating a group of professionals, balls, machines, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and pressure people and processing, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is do free things?
I have too many 20 inches of 20 inches and I never use, except the previous pair but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a primary driver -- he jumped up a red search, and of course, they stopped us, and it was just a little bit of the sense, agent to be able to continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for my appearance, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140 teenage teenagers who were stopped and record, 86 percent were black and Latin, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177, and Latin Ladies in New York City, so for them, is not a question of painting me?
But how many times would you stand up? And what?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that at 53 percent of the girls in the United States don't like their body, and that figure is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people do is what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you hope is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel and also incredible to be able to work with creative people, resourceful, assumptions.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what's going on, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I have never said in front of them, is, I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They only have to get together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs and the brightest hair and the clothes more to fashion -- but probably the most inspiring women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial opportunity and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there is something that will retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious photos, and I didn't go and I didn't go out of it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in the illumination of it.
In fact, most of them took them random tourism.
My story begins when, by finding out in New York City to give a point, my wife took me this photo holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday -- that's the 57-year-old corner and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York right a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take San New York on a patent trip and keep the ritual.
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to get us the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred to us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reaches new stories, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope for illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips we were walking on, when suddenly he went down in dry and pointed out a red ball of the death store that I loved with small visits before.
And I was describing what I had felt at five years old in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to be a force to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of participating in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't get out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always the one who took the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and they don't doubt to come up with somebody and ask you: Do you take a photo up?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bats are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It's also associated with Disney laughs as mental characters, dumb, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan Kenyan press, applause and classics these are the attributes that associated with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean.  The parallels don't help prevent disease radiation.
It's hardly monitoring.   You're far away from expanding.  And my favorite, the bacteria have better presence.   There are two kinds of bacteria on this planet.
There are the Bunks of the New World that are primarily found in America, like the conditions and the cards and the Big World Bubble banks, where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are bacteria important? First of all, provide vital ecological services.
It's our natural garbage records.
They wipe the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help to absorb the nose that not because they would extend and cause big losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buttons, the caps take three to four times more time in disconnecting, and this has huge ramifications in disease radiation.
Butters also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
Nepheric was the symbol of the protection and the maternity and, along with the cookie, synchronized the unit between the High and the Egypt Egypt.
In Indian mythology Jack, Jack was the battle good, and he risked his life to save the Share of the 10 heads of the 1950s.
In the Tibetan culture, they do a lot of important and open ends in places like Tibet -- there's no place to bury dead, or wood to create them, so these bacteria provide a system of natural eliminating system.
What's the problem with the buttons?
We have eight business species in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threats.
The reason is that they're being sent, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and factory. The Palestinian communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bacteria are victims of this.
In South Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bacteria are on the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because they fall out of the livestock consumption that's been treated with an analog drug like Diamism.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Because there are no buttons, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in cardiovascular shorts, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for racism. The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa, 350 organizers are going to be above Lake Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're trips of birds.
In Western Africa, there's an awful business of dead barriers to serve the boat and the Deck Machine.
So what are you doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transitions.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the bats, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very unconsciously creatures. I will donate their time to spread the word. Digit the word.
When you get out of this room, you will be informed about the buttons, but they talk to their families, with their kids, with their neighbors on the bats.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said he changed because he saw them flying without effort, without spending energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977, I love young light, but I'm no longer --  I worked in Zambia. Kenya, Coast of Mars, Algeria, and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an NGO Italian, and every project we set up in failing Africa.
And I was strong.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we put in we admitted it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wown from the Feministic Washington, was a project where the Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends down to the Amazon River, and we taught the local to grow Italian tomatoes and calories and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't join.  We were amazed that the local ones, in so fragile had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  "I would go to time to save people from the marketing of the man."
And of course, everything in Africa is crossing beautiful.
We got these great tomatoes in Italy, and in Italy, a tumor grew up to this size in Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the changes, "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, at night in the morning, about 200 happy happy showed up from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the commands, "Oh my God, we have them hippiest."
And the communities said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here."  "Why didn't you say it? You never asked.
I thought only the Italians we made mistakes in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed we have hipper.
You should see the waste --  -- you should see the waste that we give to the people in Africa.
You want to read a book, read "Handy Dead Dead Dead Dead Model?
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that money has caused it.
Just read his book.
Watch it from an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are interpretation, collaborative missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we paid them, or we're patients.
The two words come from the Latin Pathology Radio, which means "Paradol."
However, they mean two different things.
Palestinian, I treat any of a different culture like my kids, and I want a lot."
Patriotic, I treat all of the different cultures as if they were my series.
So the whites in Africa are called Babban, book.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "The Little "Index is beautiful -- written by Schward, who said for all of the economic development, if people don't want to be helped to be help, and they are alone.
This should be the first principle of help.
The first principle of aid is responsible.
This morning, the gentleman who opened up this conference, put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that isn't negative?
I decided at the age of 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company, where you never started nothing, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a silence of local passion, the series of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut out.
You never get to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the logic.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what people want to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give an idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And so we helped them find the knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for once, we heard them, but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never stop, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't join their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family doctor of the company, the business of the business family, which is established with you in your house, on the table of your kitchen -- in the coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way to make your life.
I started this as a test in hope, city in Western Australia.
I was making a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this underlying garbage where we came to tell them what to do.
In one year, I had 27 projects in time, and the government came to see me to ask, "How can you do that?
How can it do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
I stayed and listened to them --  ...  And so the government says, "Let's say it again."  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dravid, one of the most great business specialists in history, happened at 96 years ago.
Peter Druggion was a philosophy professor before they were involved in business, and this is what Peter Drught, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovation economy.
Planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you are rebuilding Cargidonia without knowing what the most passionate people in Crack want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer them consciousness, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you will go in a mass.
In a 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a complexity of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What are you going to show you more of this morning.
Local people passionate -- that's what you have approved.
So what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- fossil fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The train as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture, we cure, we education, we transform, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution, college? Forget it.
The government government? Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a terrible story that you have in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in the year 1860, this group of people came together, and they were very excited about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unique, the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population of New York to the areas, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already standing in station.  So in 1860, they were sending this dirty technology that would bring the life in New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in America, in the United States appeared 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few, shows, factories in parking places.
Derman, Michigan. Henry Ford Ferro.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them conscious.
Otherwise, they're not going to come back with you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute thing, dedicated service, enthusiastic service.
And then eventually, you will have to tell them the truth of it to entrepreneur.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to have a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a great financial administration, and you have to tell with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can be done, sell and search for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This hasn't been born.
We have research and looked at the 100 companies in the Carnegie world, Western Editor, Edison -- all the new companies, Google, Sahara.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none of them was initiated by one person.
You have even the word, but the word "One, 32 times.
He wasn't just when he began.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have fathers, who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee cards, in bars next to their dedicated democracy who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epiphy, someone who would ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you search for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, I would like you to look at anybody?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automatic, planters and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartment?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes before the empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and sleep today?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak people who give shadow to lovers and drivers and soldiers for centuries and trust in a city.
So there's a destination in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the largest amount of U.S. abandoned properties.
I live near this house and I thought I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
Her death was repeated and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the living time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I refused to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch on the day and forget what's really important for one.
And so with the help of old friends and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house in a giant board and painted about her sentences to completely completely, before you die.
So, transparents could take a title, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was replicated and kept covering up.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before he died, I want to be published by pieces."  Before I die --  Before I die -- I want to sit in horses in the land of change for the date."
Before I died, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before he died, I want to plant a tree.
Before we died, I want to live outside the Web.
Before he died, I want to hug it once again."
Before he died, I want to go to the rescue of somebody.
Before he died, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space was constructed and the dreams and the hope of people made me laugh to cards, and they were disappeared, and they gave me a bit of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and decorative ways. It's about giving the reflection and controlling, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
And so with my colleagues in the civic center we did a kit, and now they've been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increases, it's more important than ever before, finding ways to preserve perspective and remember life is short and delight.
The death is something we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
To think of climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as a community and more means to share hope, fear and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Reyon is 22 years old, high and very guy.
It's not talking about, but it turns out joy better than some of the best speakers.
remix knows what love is.
And I shared it unprecedented by what's going on.
It's not variable. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and interpreter in this: I've never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I can't even remember -- I remember one thing, how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very cool.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single song of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I was going to be caught in my arm during the first episode of the tensions and the birthday of Lady Gaylo.
Doesn't it seem amazing?
But most people don't agree with it.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they're often ignored.
But what I pushed my heart and struck my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them within the original, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and anti-community and extraordinary ones.
Now, for those fewer families with the term automatic thing, it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical abilities.
In every individual it was manifest differently, where remix is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that the fastest increase in the world, there is no cause or cured.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
He yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
Rene lived and queen in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would have between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond biologists, frustration and hyperbolic spirituality, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without predictions, a human being that had never lied.
Amazing.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I would have wanted them to be just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about innovation, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normal passes the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Reyoon and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- are a gift. Every one of us has a gift in their interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change die at the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what it must have been Alicity in the Wallonic country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, which gave a kind of communication to graduate students.
I was scared.  Sort of a truth of these students with his big minds and his great books and big words and words and words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when he fell through the home of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
So I was just feeling when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need a huge communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, hungry with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer us. And so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't tell us just that they study the treatments, but they study the treatments, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat observations.
And when you're describing their science, careful with the jargon.
The leg is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temporal," but why don't you say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as you do it.
Instead, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without sharing ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- they're ways of warming and uncomfortable with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget of the salt signs of ball."
You have wondered why they're called balances?  What do the balls do? The bullets kill them, and they will kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and arrows us.
Instead, this film of example by Gene Brown is much more effective, shows that the special structure of the workers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that are attached to our other senses and believe a deeper sense of understanding what it is described for.
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open the door, and look at the country of wonders which is science and engineering.
And so scientists, scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all the media, hungry with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the Discovery of English Dictionary is "solar-scale."
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Abundander "motivates "people "place police policy."
Even though there was an 19th century from the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A "self-assembly is what it looks for a public charge without matter or platform, and that when you win, you get it for the mere use of a remote reserved morning monthly mountain."
I have no idea what I mean "Traiter."
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Brand Crosses, who confronted the Parliament of Parkinson.
They put him on the London Tower and they contemplated him, but he had enough enough to face them, and at the end he had such a popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase, and so battle and the metal of "Everest."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a defense of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want them to go back to the U.S., right after independence independence.
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions that might have frustrated.
Some wanted to call it "the "State of State Washington, and others, "Your Albert Georgeto Washington, and other Desertions of the U.S. people in the U.S. people.
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it Richard."
They thought it was quality quality.
And not even with that were monopolitan, they had the idea that you could be elected king for a certain tears.
And I could have served it.
Everyone was tired, because this debate was protected for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sensor, and he always wrote, "I still have this topic."
What caused the portrait and the back was that the House of representatives were against the Senate, against the Senate.
The House of Representations didn't want Washington to be empty power.
They didn't want to call him King for whether he gave him or his own ideas.
So they wanted to give you the most modest title and more inevitable and more fascinating that it happened.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it only meant someone who pressure a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term "package or "separations."
There were evolutionary presidents of small colonial meetings and government failures but it really was an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate is opening.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign and gather with foreign digitally."
"And who will take serious with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as African President?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't concert.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never had the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, hoping that the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary --  -- and we might be able to keep waiting for 223 years more.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads in the world, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of aerial aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has taken the title of grandmasters.
So at the end I won the Senate, in the end.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senation, the application of synthesis, well, it was a synthesized synthesis.
But you know how many nations you have now?
And all because they want to sound like the guy that has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So in the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you with.
Politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, it really changes the words that what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine of Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but especially that capital of male touches and stones with primitive tools.
As others, I have a cheap line of the tiny light that holds the head with this angle of substance, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
I was restored my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining I met before, who lost the control and fell into that piece.
While I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying and recording and, often, dying.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they're prescribe for slavery.
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Park of Park.
And among all the amazing people that I met there met a press of Field The Salsweirlds, an NGO who's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad. I honestly was embarrassed to ignore this atrocities of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
He made me a number of the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the "Derer From First For Steven and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've been in many of these places.
Some of them even consider them my second home.
But this time, I would send the dirty traditions.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced during all of the transition of transitional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can enslave the entire families for generations for massive development of 18 dollars.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits of more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been trained with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence, and they can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade, the goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are designed.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the months of bricks.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
The people in a temperature of 54 degrees -- men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy dust man, and they stack mechanically brick in their heads, until 18 at the time, and take them from the artificial hormones to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They disappeared by monopoly and candidate work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction made it pee quite intense.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera receives a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven I wanted to cry, but the adoption that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already gone.
I had to rely on Field the Salms and work inside the system for his release, and trust you to get it.
As much as me, I hope to get home to feel my heart desperately.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks for miles for military terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than kids who run them out, and kids hold them into their heads with corresponding careers made of balls, ropes and hardware.
It's hard to get something so amazing.
How can we influence something so insidious but so incredible?
Some people don't even know they are slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages collected their freedom, the slaves. The slaves.
When I heard the word slavery often thought about sexual traffic and because of this global awareness to me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
And in Katrina, I was exposed to women who had been previously sexual scanning.
I was driven by some anger stairs that gave up this dirty basement of free fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a bubble.
It was a restaurant.
Restablishing, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where the slave scripts with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to engage customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and search, identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients.
And standing in the promise, I remember having felt a head acute fear and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it must be to be stuck in that hell.
I only had a coming out, the stairs.
There were no dead doors.
There were no big enough windows like to grow.
Those people don't have a building, and because we touch a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens every day, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the labor of scarce labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the trade trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue tissues and the red of their children.
They mixed ink in these big barrels and dip the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
We don't have freedom from? They said.
We still hope, however, can be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our work really pays us.
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volvo, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, make sense, right?
Error. They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their traditional families and disappeared and forced to work over these boats in these boats in the lake in the lake, even though they don't know to swim.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be traveling, it feared that his little canoe was absorbed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the tree trees plunged in Lake Voltal often attract networks and children, failures and fear and fear are thrown into the water to get the branches.
Many are down.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
By fear of his love is not going to run and, like all life has been treated with credit, critically treated to the younger slaves under their season.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they came up with the last networks, but they had been working on the last place.
At night and venture.
And he has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they are filled by fish.
I want to introduce you to Kodist.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where "Fern the Samanto Report of slavery.
Kover symbolizes the possible.
Who will get to be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driven by a road in Ghana with "Eddistant States States -- a company adopted with his motorcycle suddenly accelerate and overcome our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it on a road path to the forest.
At the end of the way, we were inspired to get out of the car, and he asked the driver to go out quickly.
Then he pointed out this little visible set and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on.
As we started to go down, we removed the encourages that blocked the path and after walking around an hour, we found that the path was bound up by the recent rain, so I put the picture of pictures on my head as we put up in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the next path ended up largely in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and everyone was full of slide workers.
Many women had kids tied to their backs, and as they were looking for gold, they were walking in the open water with marketing.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These minerals are scared in a pit somewhere else in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packaged in their own substance.
I remember looking at his eyes, crazy, because many had been under the land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people charge heavy bags of stone that then will be transported to another area where they would kill the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and virtuous men, but if you look closer at the margin side, we see the margin to work at least lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum ends up like this victim of T.B. and the market invention in a few years.
This is Mandela. When his father died his uncle he took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mandela inherit the debt of the uncle that forces him to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be amazed.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and not yet to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dream of being liberated and educated with local activists like "Edge The Salsweirlds and it's this kind of determination of face to a remote possibility -- which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give them testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not a magazine -- these are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these many beautiful people, black, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images are going to wake up a force where you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes on a fire and that that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue living in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I make math applied and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management consumptions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So I'm going to try to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We get the virtues of the whale and the ballet dancers -- we will see more ahead.
But the bullet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial attitudes that can well have a genetic component.
Unfortunately, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Starrow who, in his time, was a variable dancer dance.
Over the last few years, a lot of progress has been done in treatment.
However, there are 1.3 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with incredible development, temperatures, recording and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and ultimately, the only way we know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and a cerebral metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
What if patients could do it at home?
That would save a very difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could be able to do the exam themselves.
It would not need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional way to try to, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtual as my friend Jane Telling.
This is a video of the violence of vocal strings.
It shows someone who's healthy as they are emitting sounds in talking, we can imagine as dancers from a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes -- the FOXO, for example.
And like the ballet requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as a vibration, and as the Parkinson's affects the limbs -- it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular temperature from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Voice temperature, development and regional.
The speech becomes more quiet and astounded after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these exams based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invisible.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do them.
They're both accurate. Well, but also the exams based on voice are not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be supermarked.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low -- it looks like massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not be able to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitor, we could get objective data.
We could do massive low-cost mass recovery for clinical trials, and for the first time, fears at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biological biologists before it's too late.
So by doing that today, the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Volar Indian Initiative.
Together to Augustimate and Pakistan, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible to about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone with or without Parkinson's, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max -- taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you get from these samples?
Max Lie: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MW: You see, some people may not pass it. They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limited conflict factors in search of the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MA: Much more than that.
In fact, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, what it turns out the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Young and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Lincoln, public.
MA: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are floating creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually avoid sunlight.
We do the even more thin thin models, the perfect skin still more perfect -- we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real like the images and photography of it.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little bit later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there will Volvelon Volvo, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Ocean.
It's a little fish town located in the presentation of Iranian from almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The registered water level reached over 24 feet of height, and over three miles land inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took cartoons from channels and cards.
We cleaned out schools -- we remove the slime. And we leave the houses ready to be renewable and refugee.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, appearance, power from local factory.
We were excited, and we loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and Strange cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
You pick them up and take them to different places from people around to get them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffering.
While they left the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village evaluation center.
He helped clean the community baseball, the enormous, genetically gords.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of evaluation is picking the photos.
And there they were and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression thinking beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was going to travel myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some of them that had over a hundred years, some were still in the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that challenge and repair that challenge, and meet hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered Facebook with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to pick up the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strong, but where the water had disconnected the face of the girl had to be strong and delighted.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of her, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
Over the time of time, they came for luck more photos, and they needed more remote resources so that it went back in Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people in 12 countries offered to help.
By two weeks, I had 150 people out of together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Resiss, a neighbor town north of Name.
Once a week, we used our scanner in the temporal photographic library that had installed them, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to deliver them is a different story, it depends on the bottom of the photos.
It could be an hour. I could make weeks.
It could impact months.
This man had to draw practically by hand using how the areas and the color and detail had no destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures embedded in salt water, covered by bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of them along with the time after the time continues to destroy them, so you can clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the photo unless it was clean, dry and would have been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with the limitation by hand.
We count with the guidance of a remarkable neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even more the pictures of pains.
As Window once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had started to wipe it up, but he stopped when he realized that it was even more at notice.
It also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been recovered, we could solve the images in one photo and pick up the whole picture.
When he collected his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a fire station between the rubble pretty far from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the unable to close the barriers into the wave.
He had to go inside of the water while the Mermaid was sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everyone had survived.
The day he gave him his pictures her youngest son was 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do it, something he could go back to look, something that I could remember from the past that had not been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there Harvard hundreds of them were helped to clean over 135,000 photographs -- the vast majority of the big majority -- the vast majority of them came back to hands of their owners.
More than 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us to go back to 90 families of totally remote and recorded photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
These are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take to us, but the first thing we will go back to search for.
This is what the project was trying to restore small pieces of humanity, to go back to someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this becomes somebody, they assume a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of remotes.
Some of them connected to some of them with something bigger and getting something bigger using their talent for something that is not perfect models of perfect skin.
To finish I'd like to read this email. I sent it Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I recorded, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in the images.
One in particular, a picture with women of different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathering around a baby, moved to me, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, my mother, I and my daughter recently born out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  Apples Apple.
Dod Edison inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of just a million seconds.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph, the metaphor, a new technique that can create videos in slow motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the riders, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenging the idea of camera.
If I take a laser fire and turn it down and turn it into a trillion of a second, or it is, in various seconds, create a package of pictures of just a millimeter wide.
And that picture of photons -- that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common ball.
If we take that bullet and this picture of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do those pictures look like?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all this --   remember, all of this happens effectively in less than a non-state is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion.
Coke didn't breathe this research.  They have a lot of things in this film, and they have this information to show what is going on.
The pulse, our bullet comes into the bottle, with a package of photons that start to go through it, and that inside, it starts to disappear.
Part of the light was coming, goes to the table, and we started seeing these divides.
Many of the photons finally come to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several blocks that the thoughts are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make it go to the same distance and see it in a slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would be going to be feeling that film?
A day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film   from a slow bullet in motion.
And how about it with a dead nature?
You can see the waves that get away from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature painting a picture, thought about a feminist at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tax, you realize that, as light will be appropriately appropriately approached, it's still brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and light in its inside and comes back after several trillion thousand seconds.
In the future, when this female is in his mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is malaria without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT for?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a picture at low exposure, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you can barely go into some light.
We sent that bullet -- that photo package -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very healthy synchronize -- we took those gigabytes of data and we collapsed them computer to create those feminists that showed you.
We can take all of those data in crude and process it in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a future future would allow him to see after the rich" of it?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Releval it into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light robots.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our family.
Behind the wall there is a manipulation and we'll take the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our family, has unique abilities.
It has very good temporary resolution and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
By projecting a laser you can record a picture in Brazil, which you see on the screen, you really don't have any sense.
But will we take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will we take them together and try to analyze the multiple lights of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before taking this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collections with what's going on to the curve.
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions, looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build education and be able to see the inside of the body by dragging our humans, and the same for the corditions.
But of course, because of the tissue and the blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about metaphor as a new amount of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Edwards, he himself a scientist, became art science, an art of all of a supported photograph.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computing photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But something funny happens here.
If you look at waves under the lid -- these are moving away from us.
waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order that events happen in the world sometimes appears to be invested by the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distortion of it.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, and you can get it to South And make it famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a cartoon from 1984 and live in the city of Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were trying to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989. Imagine if all these people are meeting that they protest in search of a change, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a mobile phone here?
Let's send them.
Raise your mobile phones, release them.
Let's sell them. An Androme, a Blackberry, woman: Wow.
It's a lot. Almost everybody today has a mobile phone.
But today I talk about me, from my mobile phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
Data data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The Director of Republic of data.
This direction says that every European phone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls who I who sends an email to who he sends up.
Who sends him a text to who I do to.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and even two years old, in their phone company or its Internet provider company.
And all over Europe people stood and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this retrieval of data.
We want the refugee in the digital age, and we don't want the carriers and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, salary, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberia, I don't fear fear.
And some even said that this would be Stage 2000.
The State was the secret police in East Germany.
And I also asked if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time you use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Hew Teler, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I asked them to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah -- blah, it was blank.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're playing my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Democratic Teler said no, we won't give this information.
In the end, we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand and they send me the information that I could.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Transit failed the incompromist for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CDC there was this.
Trial and 5,000 extra trees of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive -- OK.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data replacement means.
So next to Zei Oll and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go away, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Franklin in train to colony, and how often I call the travel.
This is all possible with this information.
That's a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they're called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of communication.
You can see how their people communicate with each other what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk about who, who sends you an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is at least six months in Europe, and even two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who participated in this protein, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this had never happened.
The Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in a result, not the fall of the Internet Correlator.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the authority and living in the digital age, is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight the authority.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is an 21st century value, and it's not past as well.
When you go home, tell your representative that only because businesses and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that would be served to remember that they have to fight for the authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, what happens?
I call the Massachus Ziptatically and I'm not a writer, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, and he hated the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so put it all the time.
Look at me.
It's a legacy. I'm like a Shaker mix.
And Muhammad A.
The P. C. It's not genetics.
It's not rocket or it can be found.
No one did the uterus of my mother and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
Just by accidents, like the one that happened to be born.
Now, I'm going to warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disappeared.
Let's go from walk.
You know, Christmas sports, are in the commercial center, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty empty places.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a distinctive little disabled?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. is just one of them.
To be a sort of opposite of the opportunity, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If they don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Checker, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same beginning.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it -- dancing stone."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were sued to the school system and made sure that I was also outside, and if we didn't get all the maximum notes all the way out of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years old, putting my heel in his feet and just walking.
Another technique that I used was to pick up a dollar in front of me so that I would look at it.
The street I carry in was very strong and ...
Yes. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a baseball champion that has received many shoes.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
There are now 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Icelands.
This was before 9/11, and the politicians would think appropriate to the Muslim to Muslims as a campaign lamp.
The people who grew up had no trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot that died from hunger during the radio.
I told them that it had enough fat to live three months without eating, so will help me get away from being able to learn it is very easy.
Bay hate in Brook.
Yeah, in Brook.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with the tanks, or I can walk with the tanks.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used touch, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer holidays on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madagas.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to sang, so I drank my legal legacy, they put me hot matters on my back, I immersed me in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water loved me and I was thinking, "Wow, work."
But the miracle cure was the goal.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I make yoga was a standard of standard that I couldn't wear of foot ...
And now I can hold in my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything else, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college by positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the U.S., University of the state of Arizona, because I entered all of the issues.
It was like the Scottish climb of theater.
They all loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass glass my teachers were crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the E.U. decided to do a work called David very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming at four winds, "In order to have a role.
I have brain paralysis."
The end of the free, at the end of it.
Thank God, I am finally free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave him to Sweden Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask him why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts -- can't do the character."
It was a paper that literally had been born and gave it to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a serious story of adding actors without disability for disappeared papers.
When I graduated home, I returned home, and my first active tour was like extra in a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be "come from "court" to better light friend in a sandwiches.
Instead, I stayed there as a barrier, I didn't see myself more than the news, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors, they didn't hire free actors, not white, with disability.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldie, Rose Barley, Ellen and all these women had one thing in common: they were common.
So I got a humor.
In my first tour I took famous chemicals from New York to New Jersey to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic he took when I was in the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey authority with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic, in the Middle East, without censorship and without a veil.
Some people say I am the first monopoly of the Arab world.
I never like to acknowledge the first place, but I know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival -- now in her 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the National National Community and at the same time to remind the management directors that South America and Arab are not synthesize.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the distribution of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the news news program in the back of Keith England.
I walked into a graduate dance dance, dragged me into a study and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, "Five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I was clinging to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the security, and when I finished the interview, I was floating.
At the end I had my opportunity and the device -- I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Electron came back to me, but I stayed as a full-time participation and pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Olympic was that people on the Internet are scare.
The kids are crowded, but they never get rid of me or a little bit higher.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became an object object.
I see clips online with comments like, "Why dominating?
Is it really?
And my favorite favorite poor.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it."
A contractor suggested even that I would add my disability to my current current, grandmaster, common, paralyzed.
Discovery is as visual as race.
If someone on the wheelchair can't make Bernis in Berkeley, then Benix can't make someone in a wheelchair.
Dictionaries are -- yeah, apply, man. Come on.
The disabilities are the largest minority in the world, and the most super-company in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I've grown up with the media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there was more positive images, that would be less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My trait travel has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red remote carpet by the death of the Sunday Lucas and the Chinese Europe Correat.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sander and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matts.
I would take the world by saying, "The Arabs have become crazy."
I was delighted in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the TED of 2008.
And I founded "The States of Massachusetts, a beneficial organization to give the Palestinian refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live live, and I dedicated this talk to her memory.
(Player person, Dad double.
I call me Massachus Zairab, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to the South of Somali.
This town is near Mobilians.
The drought pushes the small town to poverty and the edge of the intention.
Without anything to him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Moboton, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mobol.
After maybe a year, nothing.
And one day you read a gentleman who offered him to take him to lunch, after fence, to develop.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a disconnect.
It gets a little bit of money to be bought new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They introduce a young man.
It finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Moboto, under a blue sky, a body car.
That boy of that little village with dreams of the great care was suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shakespeare, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little town in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him immediately?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that took it from what we call the "state period.
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of marginalizes, young urban urban urban structures that are destroying riots in Johnson, they trigger riots in London, they look for something beyond the "piece of waiting."
For young people, the prime promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the way the way of the way is access to terrorism, to violence, to violence, to be the history of cities.
And in my city of birth, Mobilians, 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They do nothing.
I went back to Mobol last month, and I went to visit the Madart hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being at that hospital accompanied by balances, thinking, "What if I'd never been gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same period of waiting for me?"
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was at Mobs that month was actually to help some juvenile leaders in a business comment.
I assembled about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Moboton, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate university -- unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Sahara and other terrorist organizations, to be recovered.
They were looking for people like it.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mobile, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to the B is the streets.
Venticer years of civil war have completely destroyed the flying system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move around.
Adam saw an opportunity and put it up.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started to rent motors to the local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of reasons for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the way the way of waiting for waiter."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately and despite.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Motor, a fluctuation.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative, and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mobile has seen in over 22 years, and until a little bit ago, until Molam came in, if you wanted flowers for your wedding book, we were such plastic sent from the foreign foreign.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers in it?
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be never?
So Muhammad saw an opportunity.
It started a company of spiders and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Moboton, and he started to grow tuberculosis and lights, which said, could survive the hard weather of Memorial.
And he started the delivery of flowers for boats, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on creating the first public park in Moboto in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Moboton.
He wants to create a space where families are, young people, can go together, and like he says, smell the proverbial rose.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the President of Momood had a really profound impact in young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, they could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They did business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas their ideas.
They need expertise and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, the support that they need to move from consciousness to creation, and they'll create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Momood is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
Adam hired kids from the street to help rent and keep the goals for him.
It gave them the opportunity to escape from the parallel of the period of the period of the place."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they burn and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks from peace than the bus and "pieces of waiting."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adammans mountains, an area in the north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest.
The sun made the leaves to shine like a vital, and not to be the way we went on, we almost could pretend that we were the first human beings to take that land.
We came to our camp.
It was a collection in a risk with a beautiful Christian lake when I discovered something horrible when I discovered something.
Behind the street there was a garbage from about four meters square with apple hearts rotten balls of aluminum paper balls and old captain.
And I was analyzed, he was very angry, incredibly confused.
The companies who were too lazy to get out what they had done, who thought it was going to clean their baseball?
That question went on with me, and it was simplified a little bit.
Who clean our baseball?
No matter how you organize or where you put the our out of our baseball in America?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris, or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health is our trash in the Department of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through his training and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intriguing.
He needed to go further.
So I began to work as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drive them.
And he operated the mechanical scans and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as primitive as they believe, and in the days that it is very strong you just used to be used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept looking at the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Lab statistics, the collection of waste is one of the ten most dangerous occupations in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you around you.
They just want to pass up, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the impossible of garbage.
When you go out of the room, and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
I never stop coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circumstance.
It always has to be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that resources of waste are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health products.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective form every day, this starts to destroy their containers and their inherent dangers are threatened in very real ways.
Diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries are going to break and start to give it to us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for the new thing that the motor engines start to fail when it's in danger the consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just follow your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average speed speed for it.
And I mean just the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, and we don't replace, we clean or take our cup of coffee, our battle of the water, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will take care of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and engage them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her job, I think, is almost limitation.
They're on the street every day, rational form.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keep us apart to except from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow always has to stay in a way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the group of a resolution truck on the street, grabbed my little son and lowered the stairs. And there was a man doing his paper recycled bill as he did all the miracles.
And I tried to thank her to do his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just assistant, and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that, I started researching the resistance of waste and I went back to that man.
It's called Pauling, we work together so many times and we did good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and have in account all the costs, even the very real human cost of the labor.
municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage -- represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one that you see someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by making part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and traditional traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other one in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of various floors in the capital of Ethiopia, Addis Abed.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go out and run out."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to restore.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the crystals with crystals generate heat in the interior, so you need a lot of cooling power.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And thirdly, his aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis by trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it really was compared to the old market that is this structure to the open air where thousands of people, and they go and buy things every day to small senses.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced to inspect the site, which is located in a very growing area of the city, where much of the buildings that we now see in the image, don't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an inclusive attack that creates a space of the free air in the building that is supported, by its own way, of the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a cooling captain with properties to allow the air entrance and also the light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the seasons of the Ethiopia.
They have some properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade of it.
We're building that with these little property pieces that are the windows that let up the air and light in a way controlled into the inside of the building.
This is completed with these little colors of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince the developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of it there were more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material in comparison with glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we used to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy survey for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographs on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that create this urban oasis.
And these dots on the roof, which in the aggregate, collect water for the inner health sales.
It is expected for the early year, because we go through the fifth floor of the building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest I designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to his environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a thousand years of antibiotic that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these legs.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate.
And it's northern -- because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that makes sure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these bands with patterns, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections to the pedestrians we have.
And it also responds to the local rules that established greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to replace the community space of the building.
It's where all the neighbors can rise and society, and make such activities like running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple solutions, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable.
I had big amounts of very brilliant hair, and a little little piece of pencils -- lovely, I was very strong for the capital of the states, very good for organism.
And I ended that year, and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I had a time after the school coming out of school, I was a little late and I hid in the bathroom of girls.
When the cost was destroyed, I salt, I walked into the classroom, I took out of my teacher in the rating book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival -- just a little bit, just some of them.
All of the sandwiches.  And I was going to go back to the book, but to see, some of my other partners had very good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of them out of God and myself a row of that, just for being there, because I could.
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It's that everything was completely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I discovered the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, it was so good for organism.
I was intrigued by hair.
They're so mysterious and so penguins.
We know that babies suffer from hair.
Also, the primates, the blue birds are very powerful.
We know that hairs are the number one cause of spouses in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed the loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because the novels are like the laboratory in which the hairs are studied in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there was no hair, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen inferior, no opposite."
There would be no kilogram and the thousand and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the reading list reading lists because we would be losing "The Robotic and The Furby, there would be no "Gates or "Person." We will lose "Marvel Bowo and "Nanison K.
Without hair, there's no Prose. I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of jealousy, it almost has all of them.
This year is taken 100 years of his masterpiece, "In for the losses of losses lost -- the most excited study of sexual jealousy, and also ordinary competition, my own, all we could have.  And thinking about Proust -- we have the meaningful details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a male humiliated in you of washing you.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said they were as hard as a cat.
I don't know how cat trade, but we assume it's superioritize.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the heads, the balls and Prose.
It's going to be very obvious like the balls that reduce the person, to their wish, to their impacts, are a well-being narrative base."
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel heaven.
When we feel hell, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time, narratives and audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to key the knife, right?
The hairs make us all addicted novels, and that's something that Proust understand.
All she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And it starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that San detected in his lover, adds to its collection of torture instruments in its private camera.
You have to admit that San and Prose, were notoriously heads.
You know, Prose normal would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so high to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The hairs are away.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the heads like?
The hairs are nutrient from information.
The hairs use the details.
The hairs like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small school of pencils on them.
The hairs are nutrient from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful --   Proud links the language associated with the hair.
When San is in his agenda, suddenly listen to behind the doors and bribe to the sounds of his lover, then they choose those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is replacement, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a monkey."
He says, "They're scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prossive is trying to prove that the hairs look intellectually, and they make us seem transparent, but in their mess, they're search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth -- in fact, to what Proust concentrated -- the more painful.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss. These were the pathways to the Spirit wisdom.
He says, "A woman who needs us to suffer with, causes us a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man that can be interested."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women.
No. I think it's trying to say that the hairs reveal us to ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agency, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at that peculiar intention?
I wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very crazy young man who was consumed with the idea that her woman gave him it.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who was not looking at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent. Everyone knew it.
The poor creature was low without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, without realizing involuntary behavior.
Is it too much does?
Freud says the man was becoming the concert of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the hairs do to look at intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more culturally we are, the more we become respected in the fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the hairs are going to make us violent or illegal acts of things.
The hairs drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years, I recognize it. But I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman in Michael who was 12 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which you send flying messages -- awful to himself, for a year.
For one year. A whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former northeastern example: I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration to me.
Because we are realistic.
What huge enough, even though unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like novelist.
It's like a novel of Patrick Higgs.
Michiganitas is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the April of Everest in a Transaid, and "The Talian Mr. River, books that are trying to do about how the jealousy, they confuse our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in an instant.
Take Tom River, his most famous character.
Tom Rividual is going to be able to want what you have to take away from your own and put yourself out of what you ever had, and you're under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your rings your bank account.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Riving.
I can't give you all around the world, as much as I want to like.
It's a limitation, because we live in times of envy.
We live in time times.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the eventually? Right?
The novel shows us the coming? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to the 2120s by Baker Street and ask for Shakeri Hollywood.
When people think of Hollywood, they think about the marketing in the Prosperaus Morer, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred to the Research Sea, the head face of Schukent Iraq who needs Hollywood desperately needed the Hunger genius but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
The result needs their help, but the residents, and the bubble with angry in the each one of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Seventh States Andress, once Homo goes in, shaped all with his solution, Reside back to Hollywood and says, "We're not heads, Mr. Hollywood.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person at School Iraq who didn't want to raise your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood carved in history. It seems to me that this is very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the hairs as a geometry, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Homo is from the opposite side of Resouper.
The next minute they're the same side.
Suddenly, Resona is allowed to admire that idea of being the responsibility.
Could it still be so simple, right?
What if the hairs are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like congestion plans.
So while we expect that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only fiction is described by the halls.
The fiction alone was doing the dominant painting, invites them to the table.
And look at what I agreed, the flat for the Resident, the attack Tom River, the Santa crazy Shake, the same Marcel Prose.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11th model of Apollo 11 and disappeared on the Marshall Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the surface gray gray was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget today.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Project projects, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Doctor was walking on their surface, which Albert after the Armstrong death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back back, 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that the 24 will emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Richard in 1965.
John F. Kennedy -- some questions, why is the moon?
Why do it turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain mortality?
35 years ago, why would I fly on the Atlantic Atlantic?
Why is Rice against Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pong, for the contemporary people, the Apollo wasn't just a West victory on the east in the Cold War.
In the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder before the rise of the power of technology.
They were a great thing to be able to do it.
The moon in the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological translations.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the pollination, and the smallpox.
The technology seemed to be what Alvin Philadelphia in 1970 called acceleration force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a boat in 1968, but in 1969, the Apollo 10-year-old crew to 40,000 miles -- / hour.
Since 1970, no human being has returned to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the joyful joy about the power of technology has been expanded by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create clean energy, or feed the global population seem to be interpretating interactive.
I remember seeing Apollo 17 off.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Saturn.
I knew that this would be the last moon, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that thing happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologists had distorted us and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a partial explanation in Silicon Valley, which is that you have created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel Minister, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the clouds, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalist.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incredible problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were in their left point without worrying about the risk, they preferred small investment, minister investments that they could come out in 10 years.
The CBIS has always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy, which need enormous capital and the development of it is in the long term, and they've never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deeper.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everyone thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biosphere. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
Carpet and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biofuel.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, the technologists and the entrepreneurs and the economists agree about what policies and international treaty will increase the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in research and development development and some kind of control of the carbon price.
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or international treaties.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they are not going to be.
We know from time that the humanitarians are result of failure in the repair of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like the harvest or the systems for algorithm and representation of food, but there will be famine while there are bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes grow a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1973, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some highly resistant resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be presented, the political leaders and the population must want to be able to solve the problem, institutions have to support the solution, it has to really be a technology problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, it comes with those criticism.
But it's an irrational model in the future.
We're not in 1966.
There is no sacrificed competition like the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who has been difficult and dangerous, and there's no popular science of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust and I'm going to start by remembering the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They are so common that they've become climate of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very pervasive belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task. We should recover trust.
I think the recognition, the goal and the task has gone wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recognition, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, I recognize, why do people think trust has distracted?
And if I think about it about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I get to think that it can have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has discovered.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are no evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were described about 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same destruction.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite confident, judges.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in half.
But is this evidence evidence?
What the opinion polls record is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Does it trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you trust the vertical?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You would probably start to begin to ask, "To do what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answered your question, "Well, trust some of you, but in other no."
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to design trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain kind of office, function or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all of the cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the class of reading, but in any way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my closest friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious good judgment to the fact that we trust something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not that target that I would go on.
I would argue to have more trust in what is meaning of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a part of not trusting what it's not reliable.
And I think that those people who were dependent on their savings with the very recently named Mr. Maddah, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It trust or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, well, that means that what matters first is not trust but trustworthiness.
What is about making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are you responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the personal materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be diverged by trust.
But if, by the contrary, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but it wouldn't trust them to bring a letter to the email because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have many friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely disaster.
If it is, I still haven't been paralyzed.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
Trust is what we need to judge with.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, functions and so forth, that they made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to go through the stage."
And we find the same problem in all of our public lives, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness.
What they do is they will make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, explaining them to "Go the casting as we say.
You're sure all of you know similar examples.
All that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more configuring, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we will treat the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are transitional definitions.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes -- what it doesn't properly do.
Third, the task.
It's going to call the task to rebuild trust -- it puts things backwards.
I suggest that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild the trustworthiness.
We can do it if these are two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust -- in definition, it's different, because we get other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the enough foundation so they can trust you.
You have to be a confidence.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat -- usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring heavy evidence that you are worthy of trust.
How do we do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions -- the institutions, the institutions very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can get them back without giving explanations.
You take them and get my money, or you change them for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have trust in what you're saying.
So at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not something very difficult to discover.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been striving for reducing the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be done.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more and more, so that today it's less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I asked myself, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong press against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels in the screen.
Designers can map their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But both hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get into the inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft applications from Microsoft, along with my mentor Cate Bullarian -- he was reading the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as taking a book from a shelf.
You can pick the book and pick up lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the roles and make digital information come to us?
So sure, many of us will have bought and turning things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in your head or translation when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future look like?
In the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, and my collaborator Remember Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that as much as the computer like users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was we opened gravity and controlling the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors and detectors and details.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach consumers physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike the monitoring or the text books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show you something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
So we started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Huntington, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the passionate spending.
But my tiger mother said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believe that there was only a close path to happiness -- a safe work and a regular job.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer here.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young to learn the articles, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I even wrote to the school director and the president of a radio program.
But no adult gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends were exposed to me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15 years, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
It feared that for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So it resolved to look for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It would take books.
"Some "Some Samily School State Chase Chicken "The Story of Story I came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Great Earth is about Chinese chemical life.
And it's not convenient to provide.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth script for me was a revelation, "I'll be a revealed to your father and your mother."
"Can I say, "I'm so different, and much better than orange."
So it became my tool to come out of this confession trip and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also led to my habit of comparative reading.
It was a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
The comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparison literature.
To compare and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can be treated by Wallet Spanish in Walter Islamic "The "Amazon Act of David McCurity who were involved in a same steps, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, tensions are economic, political, spiritual people.
To the Buddha -- they're all psychologists. Turing and fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The road of Charle Turkish Thomas Michael County Cold Cana Starter walk in the translation of the translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in China literally means "state "gold" -- James."
And "Nicole in Chinese, literally means new mother."
The books opened me up a magical door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I won't feel alone or powerless ever.
Having a destined dream really isn't compared to what many others have suffering.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a waste dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychologist of psychotherapy.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley at Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using vacuums and a contained limb, he would take on the couch of my office and took my shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so alien.
My class partner had a picture as a first client.
And I got a beat that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the visual stories that Alex brought the sessions, it became easy to just move the head while we went back to the solution.
"The tribes are the new seven, he said, Alex, and so I saw her, she was right.
You start working later, you start to work later, you have kids later, you get to death afterwards.
For Venes like Alex and I had time.
But shortly after that, my superpower pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resisted.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under his category, and it goes out with a hollow head, but it's not like she went to marry him."
And then my superintelligence said, "No, but maybe it's married with the next time.
Also, the best moment to work on the Malinia marriage is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a "America moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to be used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negative was a real problem, and it had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, families and futures of windows everywhere.
There are 50 million seconds in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with same windows, you love a venture, you remove the dream of a vent, I want to see. It's fine. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means eight in 10 decisions and experiences and moments and "American "America," which shape their life will have happened for when they have 30 and so much.
People from over 40 don't train in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they live with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s, and it's represented for adults, which means that if there's something they want to change themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to the top of the 28, and things become complicated at the age of 35.
The 20 is time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which their daily and common life has an impact in the person who will become become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the windows are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
Researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists are happening to the real names of the vessels like "The "Textbooks and "pilotives."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berkeley said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give it a sandwich in your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing happens.
And then every day, small Friday, interesting like you or your children and your daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, I'm just killing the time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a race before 30, everything will be okay."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show.
I had better current the day I graduated from college."
And then it starts to sound like this: "My dates during the 1990s were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music went off, and they all started to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the signs here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a bit extreme -- but you don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the tribes and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, and have two children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not comparable, and there are research that start to show, which is much harder and stressful to do everything once at the age of 30.
The average age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give it a brother to your son.
A lot of triangles and quantities look themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work on art or in entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even harder.
It was often closed in our sessions, but then she lifted himself in saying, "One doesn't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent all the morning reading it with his many contacts but then looked at the empty space that followed after the words in an emergency case called "The "The "The Albert."
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapist that actually was worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit in while the Democratic decade of Emma was in front of it.
So for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all the window, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget that identity crisis and get identity capital.
By identity capital, I mean doing something that added value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma career, and no one knows the future of work, but I do know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that intervention, of that company that you want to test with.
I'm not slowing out the wireless exploration, I'm getting the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, that by the way, it's not exploration.
It's printing.
I told Emma to explore jobs and I made them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are supported.
The best friends are excellent to get to the airport, but the winds who join friends with similar minds are limited to who they know, what you know, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from the nearest circle.
The new things come from what they call friends of the friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the signs have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the way to color this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as savings, Emma soon will be able to choose his family -- when he has a partner and shape his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel head than the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now or you are right now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the height is not progress.
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever I get to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living with.
Now, five years later, it's special organization of events in museum.
This married man was a man who chose constantly.
His new career loves his new family, and I sent a letter that said, "Now the empty contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The signs are like airplanes that come out from the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere in the West.
Just before the disconnect, a slight adjust in his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at the age of 21, and at the age of 25.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the signs that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I have now the privilege of telling you to Venes like Emma every day, and the trains are not the new 20, they get their adults, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, they choose your family.
They don't let define so they didn't know what they didn't know.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding work in management consumer for a work that was even more excited, the doctor.
I went to show you mathematics of seventh degrees in public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work came back, I calculate the grades.
What struck me was that the I.Q. was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance had no strategies from strategies of strategy.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade, safe, are difficult, propositions, declines, the area of a paralyzed.
But these concepts are not impossible and it was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a positive perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure in better ways.
But what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios. And in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West Web.
We tried to predict what skills would remain in military training.
We went to the National Yo-Yo Consonia, and we tried to predict what children will move as far as possible in competition.
We study innovative teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning from their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, what about these shorts are going to keep their job on?
And who is going to win more money?
In all these very different contexts -- a feature of a feature of the success of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was determination.
Detection is passion and persistent to achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to rise to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not only for the month, but for years and work really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questions and then wait about over a year to see who they graduated.
It turns out that the more determination kids had significantly greater chance of graduating -- even when they put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the security they felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Yo-Yo Council in which the determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for the children at risk to face it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, how little you know science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop defense in kids?
What should I do to teach kids an ethical work of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long tropic?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I do know is that talent doesn't give them a decline.
Our data shows very clearly that there are lots of talented individuals that simply don't go ahead with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or is even related to the measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mentality."
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Decade, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. Deck has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing into the challenge, they are much more likely to feel when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop decline.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our strongest intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they have been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start all over again with the lessons.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined to be done.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculation, one of my most frightening memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an end, it seems as unlikely as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whoever I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new method to learn Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the bits of every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic alphabet.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, messages of restaurants to understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you can even be square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give you a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in an entrepreneurial way, "Self-assembly? I'm sending me." This symbol is actually original in the shape of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old west.
I call the right eight characters.
They are building blocks so they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's going to go."
As the old said, two are company, three are a crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the fields.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an ideology."  Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is pretty idiot.
Remember the fire.
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, sun is the source of prosperity.
Two soldiers together, present.
Three together, those are distances.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. And they're going to go out on the horizon.
A door. Put a board inside the door, is the door of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you take somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door scanning, evaporation, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, are discussing them.
Three women together, have care is alternative.
So we've already spent about 30 characters.
When you use this method -- the first eight X-ray will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that learns an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire mountain together. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the whole sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains attached one on the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile because Chinese companies would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the existence has become to come out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a coming out.
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the films I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Global, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
Now we live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of child fantastic.
However, Ohio magician was an event in itself.
He didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a lot of years later with it, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a little girl who was restricted to a girl dressed as an enemy guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between Olympic magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there are very little violence in October Machine.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz was done today, the magician would say, "Ahartes, you're the Salman salvation as the professor predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the army generated by the evil bag.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from October of Oz is that the most heroic characters and savings and even villages are women.
I started to notice this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survival had dropped down.  And so he was struggled in the room and he was impressed as a mom leg with her patents behind, and I don't think he understood what was happening, but indeed, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would they be value issues, persistent and left?
Would you have the feeling that Luke is one of an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with October of Orchula from 1933.
How does Dorward win his film.
By making good feet with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world I want my kids to grow Orch, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so many capital Facebook, force in the movies for our children, and so little the yellow slide way?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I have not read so much about how kids react to this state.
I know by experience that Queen Prince doesn't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults that is microbiologist.  I think at the moment of the first kiss -- I really expected that the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a nine.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the principles of Disney before any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they do, kids are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to defend against the data, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the data.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely like Herry and Katrins, but they don't stop being movie movies.
Of course, the most successful issue of all the time continues to appear in classic after classical after a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who were fighting a girl.
Until many of you are thinking this year, it finally came out.
You recommend it to all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critical said when he came out with Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a principle.
It's very good. Don't let them stop it.
Well, almost none of these films is happening the Brotherhood test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been raising roots and already spread, but maybe we will start a movement.
Nelson Belfaid is a comic diagram, and in the middle of the '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had with a friend about the assessment of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that have to be done, in the movie, there is more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to get the requirement out.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else from the guy than they like it?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Art.
Right? Rummers of Scottish, talent success -- an idea of consensus of what a Hollywood movie is.
It's virtually not the test of Belfish.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the records of the renewables.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say, "Do you come to bed beach?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female prototypes?
One -- it's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a larger number than this one is going to disappoint this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever ever in his life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked together, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things that I think is that there's a lot of sexual sensors.
Who are those guys, what are those guys learn?
What do you not learn for?
Are you looking at the story that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then to charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we adding that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask you to ask, you know, power is going to protect you if, at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power.
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I really mean the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new defense of shoulder.
The definition of the muscle is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the satellite.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what was his favorite character of "Star Walls know what he said?
Okay.
Okay. Kennedy and Globali.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like those kinds of stories for my daughter, and I like those kinds of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where I tell my son, and I see and fight only and more stories where you see that his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, helping other people get better and better people, like the October of Oz Machine.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me lucky.
But you know, it's hard to find these songs.
They're colored and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me to connect them.
This became a passion to find things in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that to see my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine, had grown up to one of almost 3,000 miles of length alongside the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to do otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared anti-commustration.
This is a place located in the Eastern Delta in Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to the naked view, seems to be brown but when we use infrared and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptians and animations.
I want to share with you how satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Ethiopia, lost for thousands of years.
It's stuff that was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle East about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fall, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle East, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them in, in the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge warning plant.
This area is huge. It's about six for 4,000 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the State of State, and as it changed over time, it was brought to the east, and he covered all the city.
So how do you find a separate city in an extensive landscape?
To try to find it to the random would be the equivalent to looking for a needle in a stone, with the eyes sold and using baseball guys.
So we use NASA TV data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
So we were able to see where the Nile flows around.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, which we think it could be the location of Italian.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample work, you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample of sample on ice, but instead of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation to look for.
Five meters down, under a thick layer of light, we found a dense layer of chemistry objects.
This means that in this possible location of Ethiopia, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years ago that date the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think is Italian.
We also found workers of peace, controlled, curve and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the month of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that goes from the Middle East in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We don't find It's stuff here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle East, probably it was written in Ethiopia about 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to it, TED was not founded in 1984 D. C.
They make ideas really happen in 1984 B.C. in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search of marine storms in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, front of the door of the door.
I'd like you to pay attention to the door of the door, to the material that you're done.
Now they visualize a group of objects in bicycles.
They're competing in a new bike of bicycle bicycles, and they go in direction to their front door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're strong strong, they're submitted, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that go to their side, lightning out of the wheels that end up in absurd places -- pass the door of the door.
The lobby, the password, or whatever there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light shining over the Mandal of Galapagos.
They're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse talking about.
You can feel your blue ball making them contracted in the nose.
They can smell the glass gap and pass that is about to get in the mouth.
They go on the side and they train their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Speed.
It's with a little bit of clothes, dancing on his center message, singing Hisdor One Barry Moore's Time Time."
Now fear the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow brick path and from the oven come to you Robert, the Handom of Hall, the Spiders and the lion of "The Machine of October," the hands of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Memory Measure of the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting. I suppose, that this was like the end of a separate service support.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hydrogen habits.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and stories of strangers.
They were measuring entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more quickly the order of a burning bar.
And I was like, "This is uncomfortable."
These people have to be phenomena.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cope who had come from England, and he has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Well, when do you realize you were a salary?
Ed said, "I'm not a wise guy.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who participate from this competition says they have normal memory.
We have trained to make these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that City used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did you not hear this before?
We were standing outside of the competition of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English English English English -- although a little bit of exciting, he said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Specials?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
Because I would like to teach Britney Specials how to memorize the order in a glass of a living, in national television.
That would test the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Specials, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something not?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not only by training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what its potential.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called Ethiopia.
He's an animal, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. In him he was based for Duke Hulkett role in the Right Man of Man."
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, by mixing pilot guards. It was center.
And when you come back, I read a number of treaties about written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and cultured was not as rare as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in order to have their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us cultural and I would say that they have changed us as well.
As we almost don't have to remember, sometimes we seem to forget how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of trained and disciplined and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not that sensible. There are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Do you have brains in some ways, structural or anatomy different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of it?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they were comparing to them.
When they put them on a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains while they were mentioned numbers and faces and forms of snow cops. They found that in memory champions they were lighting parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where every year appears someone with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times for memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 burning blocks that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 rise binary diagnosis.
In half a hour. Yes.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call "patent codessivity."
It's interrupted with an elegant paradox known as the Barry Parkinson's paralyzed, and I tell two people who remember the same word. I tell you that there's a man called Barbari.
That's his applause.
And then I ask you, "Remember there's a battery."
And when I go back later, and I ask you, "Do you remember that word I told you about a rich?
"Do you remember what it is?
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their job is battery."
Same word, different memory capability, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the Bay name doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, battery -- we know pandemics.
They use symptoms white shadows.
They have flour.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some painting.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting forward synes to fit them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the marketing of memory."
The story is like this: There was a poet called Singapols who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it doesn't bring to a D, it was hired to a poet.
He stood out of foot, he got his memory poem, and he seeded, and as soon as it was, he was the bank of the bank collapse.
Show them all.
But not only did I kill everybody, but it destroys the bodies by giving them range.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting there.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarly, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble and closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every winter.
I took the families in my hand taking them back to where their loved beings were on the stages.
What Singapore advertised at that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively -- and it's that no matter whether we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for words of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional spatial memory.
If you ask them to take the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Synems, it's very likely to be very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask you to say who was sitting on the horse parallel horse in your lobby, they would be able to visualize them.
The idea of memory palace is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and fold it from images with the things that you want to remember -- the more mad, declared, gratification, writing and appliance is the image, more understandable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Laden.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it as a talk, in the same way that they would have been Congoing if they had invited TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And it will be some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unemployed image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely insecure competition.
And then you can imagine coming into their house, and seeing the Mandela of the Galapagos moved on the Malendo Ed.
And that would remind you you want to introduce your friend Ed Cope.
And then you would see Britney Specials to remind you that funny anecdote they want to count.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers would memorize their speeches -- I didn't work for word -- it's going to confuse them but typical by typical.
In fact the term the term is, comes from the Greek "the Grandman, which means player."
It's a research of when people thought about the orientation and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "Final "Came would be like the first place in your memory station.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was filled with it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something exotic about this subjective memory subject.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a patent event.
And seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting by taking tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mapped in front of you.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put in your place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school adventure bought in a pile market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly underlying.
I would never expect it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting better and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, proportionalized, institutions, absolutes and open officers, in the eye of the mind.
I was very excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of substances and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distance is the worst enemy of a memory computer.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory persistent experiment.
I thought this could serve from good streaming for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and you buy them, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need you to be building members of memory or memorized boards of names -- to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we were deeply focused on.
The memory of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most of them don't go through there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get measurable.
And if there is something I want to leave you with today, it's what E. American that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Blackbers or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side. Are we going to be so holes that we don't even bother ourselves in deep?
I learned the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that remembers remembering remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll just address a complex place. New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from St. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Libling, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the rat looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me. And every time I left and I wrapped back in a towel -- they all see me.
And I was like this.
It was total, insecure and hated it.
I hated that coming, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, or areas of areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we make.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency   Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
So 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice.
That makes us a little bit great and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you get -- they think of power, "statistical and democracy."
And I know they think about it like this for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's an instruction that architects use to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long time, a long time.
We used it 200 years to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, face in the sea, far away from elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build -- the transparent and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liblective Public Library that was finished in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, it has a dome -- he's got this round thing, columns -- collapse, red brand, that let you go through what Libling is trying to communicate with this building, the children, the property values -- history.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both librarians, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the painting.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We completely, we made it so much that we were completely removed from people.
Everybody in black, this is depressed us. You think we feel very good, but we're dead in the inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go to the other side and come back to connecting with those available symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like transports, so we started experimenting again. We make the pandemic fall back to forward, again and again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "prototyping called "prototyping calls.
It's about the concrete.
That can be invited.
Small windows at scale.
Something really hard.
So we reached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those ways we know that they like and we update them.
We added nine and we added passions and we used new materials.
They love it.
We don't get away.
We take Chipage weapons and turn them into races, which can be measured military catastrophics.
The shapes were shaped, they won in audacity and color.
The Indians became columns.
The walls grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spent the rat in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we could create our own architectural fantastic.
Those fantasies could be medically, the French or the Italian.
Probably with a bread of bread.
This is what happens to the policy.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories of other places.
I know very well, and all of you know, this is not the Toucher.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democratic call.
We would take the historical symbols, now we have new design techniques, and we find new competitions, some forms that are crashed against other forms.
This is academic and embracing, and it's super impossible, you're totally exclusively.
Normally the pain of new in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is introduced.
It's the Guilopable Geographic Guardian of Bible George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academic and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times ran this miracle of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings. Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, September.
Everybody wanted one, and Geograph was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was saved around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and the tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, happened with other star architects.
He went to Bay and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think of it, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated, you can take a ship, an airplane, you can be tourism.
The technology approaches. You can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not really accurate to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before you know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brain was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they wanted.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant or steel or access, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the paper to media media, it starts to distribute more and faster, until it's going to be in both extremes almost in the ground, and it becomes effectively the difference between innovation and symbol between us, the architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that came up.
This is the center of a village called Pennsylvania Island in the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community -- that first summer, when people started reaching and shared in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they are the images that you did from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes corresponds to collective memory, and by taking care of these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us each other what we think of architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those Libling library.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new librarians."
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That is monatoric.
Movements that can lead to the mayor of Libling, to the people in Libling, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use cool words and complicated drawings and one is no longer a sensitive audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let myself engage for architecture.
That means the diagnosis of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find some appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different than the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sevalian can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick in ideas of what is supposed to be a stadium.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will ultimately be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are limited to nature catalogues and not.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River of New York City, and growing half a million dollars from the community around that cause, it's no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pain of fisherman, as muscle and fibrorist like the animals you're going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make buildings more ecological and more intelligent, more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides anymore.
Find an architect, hang it up and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play in play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give shape to the smallest spaces, the local library, the homes where we shape our kids, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stephen.
I just turned a year and already started walking.
And it does it that great way, typical of the children in a year, walking down, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and clothes, and it gives itself those big and wet beautiful.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And I was thinking, "When do you do this?
How do we suddenly do not like our appearance.
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google -- "Am I a fall?
This is Fairan, he's 13 years old and lives in Denner.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells you all the rat that's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him that it's ugly.
Among what his mom says to him and what his friends, or school people tell him, he doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her, he publishes it in YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment, "Am I nice or am I a fall?
Well, so far, F has received over 13,000 comments now.
Some of these are so nasty that it doesn't even deserve the penis thinking about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and correcting, which receives these responses in one of the most vulnerable life stages emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, in their most teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's going to do this?
Well, teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, to check, by giving me "I like, "I like, "I like, sharing, publishing, publishing, this never gets over.
We have never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so innocent, so young.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are implantative.
This environment, to be always connected, is addressing our children to really really raping the number of "I like to have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated by what's manipulated.
What is the most heartbreaking in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cut out of the news of girls now.
Closed logging models continue to dominate our passions.
The tech technique is now a routine now.
And trends like, Heward, Alzheimer's and advertising and dead.
For those of you who know it, it means about a great profit.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of sports supply, and the singers are replaced.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be very extracting individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls will not do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contractions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class debates -- they avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all.
And in the exam, if you don't think you look at enough enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a less note to the average of your peers, who don't care about that from the appearance.
And this phenomenon has generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets irrespective of what they actually weigh these young people.
So to be well clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on his body is defending academic performance.
And it's also accelerating health.
The airplanes with a little less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate on more no healthy diet than they can take them to a food mess.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people who surround them, and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption and drugs, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-assembly damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of anticipation.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
Liberal this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to instill trust in its own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical parts for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the struggles in the issue, and we are a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the contribution of our politicians in skin cards or the size of their choirs, or to imagine that the determination or success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to begin to judge people for what they are, not because they look like.
All of us can start by making responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you question: When was the last time you had a mirror bees?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children are growing up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, the diversity, the inclusion of it.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
To make a difference in the real world, we make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that you can never get them out of being who they are, or achieve what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who are you in mind?
Would you get his wife, right?
Would your sister go?
Did your daughter do?
Would you have his own?
Could it just be the woman who is at two seats. What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that car voice in his interior, that he gives him a little bit of long legs -- money money, a more flat, small internal first, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this and we would say rainforest to their potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But let's teach our kids the truth.
Let's teach them that the way you see is just one part of your identity, and the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and because they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the little bits of a year age today, they become safe change agents of themselves tomorrow.
So let's do it.
On November 5 in 1990, a gentleman named Ethiopian Toler walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Rabbi Rachel Rave the leader of the Jerusalem of Department.
To notice they initially declared it, but by being prisoner for other load charges, in companies of others, they started planning attacks at about 12 concepts from New York, including tunnels, synchronizes and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant in the FBI.
Sadly, the 1970s bomb, in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later I would be convicted to be convicted by its participation in that attention.
Ethiopian Savanna is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being him an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school teacher.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a shape of Islam, which very few even most Muslims come to know.
For experience I saw that when people take time to interact in, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who get so arrangement to their convictions that think that you have to use all the possible media so they all live like them.
A few months before the arrest was sitting with me and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to the shooting training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go to the next day.
We arrived at the Targetus Turkey police that, without knowing our group, was safely safely self-interested.
When I was going to throw out, my father helped me hold the ring in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot I gave the little orange light on the target and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to others and in Arabic, he said, "It was "OK.
From such a parent, a son.
Now, the comment made them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause me.
Those people later would be convicted to put a range out of 700 pounds of explosion in the underground parking of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "man? That means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone who was already time to go and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class with frequency was material victims.
I was considered to secret my identity to avoid being the white -- but being the new of the class, silence and record, was enough ammunition to do.
So most of the time I spent her in house reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it strongly -- to grow under fans, I was not prepared for the real world.
I was trained to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences they put to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a corporate program where I participated in the Julian National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the theme of juvenile violence. As I had been a matter victim almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from diverse processes.
One day, at the end of the convention -- I found that one of the kids who had made friendship, was Jewish age.
I took several days to go to the light this detail and realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly felt very proud of being able to see the barrier that all life had been made to me that he was inherewided.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had been taught that the homosexual was a sin and by extension, all the gay humans were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critical I had seen in life.
Having been taken out of a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to hire the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be humor but I know what is to be judged for something beyond my control.
Then he came the Daily Show."
All night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest about my internalizations, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with the character.
In many ways, he became my favorite figure at a time when I was desperately getting it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extraordinary, wasn't in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that I would preserve in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of someone who has suffered enough with deniad domestic and said, "I'm tired of hate."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zamb Europe.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why decided to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope you someone, some day, who you try to bring to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there's a better way -- that even though I was given to this violent and intellectual ideology I didn't come to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against predictions.
I do it by the victims of terror, and for their loved ones, for terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk, against those actions with no sense, as a rejection of my father's actions.
With this simple I'm exposed here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point there is a film that's projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-touch movie.
It's in 3D, and it has sweat sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has an arm, flavor and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it has constant voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in conductor.
This film is your consciousness flow, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal films?
Why are we not just robots that process what we receive to produce results without experiencing the inner film.
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective.
Consciousness is substantially.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost every 20th century, I predict that vision.
The psychology studied obstacle obstacle, neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, it all started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennis said, "Now it's time for science to absorb consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flow of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the search of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kansas came a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds to some questions that we want to explain consciousness -- the questions about what are certain areas of the brain and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't have the true central mystery of this matter, why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal film.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the behaviors, like humanities, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
Typical subjects are all cases of emergent behaviors, how the behaviors operate -- how the hurricane work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and manufacture living organisms -- they're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon. How we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- they're all questions about behavior.
But when it's about consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-confidence that works. For a long time, I hit the head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stay at this point.
We have a wonderful explanation chain, great. We get used to this: physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of animal, something that we need to integrate our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that look like crazy before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Netherland, who's here today, has one.
Its crazy idea is that there is no such difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the brain behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything you need to explain.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of constant reductionists based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denied that the observation of consciousness is satisfaction.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental brands. Space and time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
Instead, they consider fundamentalism, and from there it builds the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is slicked.
In the 19th century, Macinthear discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental fundamental concepts space, space, mass, nests from Newton -- and then the basic laws of electronics, and the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern around.
I think that's the situation where we find consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas personalized, space, time, mass charge, so for a matter of logic, you have to shake the list.
The most natural thing would be possible as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness -- the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts. space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can take them in a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can do it in a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pressure, "Parallel for everyone, "Pick for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, even the microbes of Rob King -- the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a picture can be full of distress when you think "Oh, it always travels at the speed of light.
I can never slow up and smell the roses."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some kind of crude feeling of feeling substantial, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do you think something so crazy about it?
This is part of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is fundamental stuff.
If it's fundamental -- like space, time and mass -- it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more like a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking of physical process, is to bond awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Gillian Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called chicken, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume he has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of foot, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration -- the same pretty significant, degree of quite important awareness.
But when you get to the breasts, microbes microbes, the degree of foot said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness -- high degrees of chicken, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that parallel can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations -- but it's not talking about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, where does the fire of equations?
From the paralyzed vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of addiction.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the paralyzed vision, has the potential to transmit our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and very serious ethical consequences.
Some can be illusion.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I should be vegetable.
If you're a parallel and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think that it tends to transform your vision, whereas what it matters in ethical terms, and moral conditions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arab Argentinism intelligence system in the movie "Holly?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paralyzed information, she has a complicated information processing, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put pretty serious ethical problems on the ethic of smart computer systems and the ethics of pulling them.
Finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collectives, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from the inner movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least a question that has to be taken seriously.
So this paralyzed vision, is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, so many challenges, like, how do those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally get it out.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile -- a low school of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I fought my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents, because I wanted to name for an award of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She has actually not got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother, and I spent a lot of time looking at the series "The Salmon Star and "Dads Creek.
Yes, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we took the disability outside of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school of Melified, just after about 20 minutes in the class 11 of the legal studies a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your speech?
And I said, "What do I do?"
Well, I had been talking about the law of diagnosis for about 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school?
Usually in the action room.
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had experiences with people with disabilities.
And we are not. And it's not a film of the girl, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm in this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to give you strangers strangely.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, you've sold the lie that disability is something Walcan, to massive, my massive.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad and it doesn't make it remarkable.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more of this lie through social communication.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one: "Before I leave, interview."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, in the girl without hands with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with ordinary legs of carbon fibers.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn term deliberately because they cost a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we focused on disabilities in benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, for a very bad thing, my life could be worse.
I could be that person."
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that have been strange for me strange to want to express that they believe that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is to confide.
These images, those images are constantly constantly impaired by the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult.
We overcome some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term "decisively disabled people? I deliberately subscribe to the so-called social model of disability that tells us that we're more disabled because of the society we live than because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very incarcerated with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as you do, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies by getting the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to take them in the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- you say it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exciting.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
And I'm here looking at the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, Stephen, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of bubbles to collect the things that are falling to me.  I learned the intensive trick of how to load the battery phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics but against a world that excites and it takes us.
I really think that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us the hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude," the reason that that's going to lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles before a starch train has never done it to become a campaign.
Never.    So smiling at a television screen will not get the supplies for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and crossing a positive attitude to convert all those books into the battery.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "The Same Same Same Same Star Start don't realize anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genome of the people with disability and I want to live in a world where a young boy in a high school in Melified is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user users.
Discovery doesn't make us exceptions, but question what you think you know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and professional football with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a color without charge?
Unfortunately, today I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't get destroyed.
When people think about increasingly, they think of Michigan Republic and in Tom Cross putting their hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the underwater reality?
The first step, is what I wear -- the Google Globalism.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, you can see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe it.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 100 pounds are chasing us, trying to get away with all of its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the DNA practices because the idea of the DNA of the emerging technology is a submarine rising to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly: Come on.
It's horrible to be taled.
A moment. Let's zoom a little bit.
Do you ready?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a president of what is being taken in the football field, from the perspective of the tablet.
You'll have realized that lack of people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Marial Marines, Rats 545? </s> Rats."
Blue 8 Blue 8: Well."
Chris Kelly: This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at the NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they have asked me in YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marriage.
Is it a right?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with God and Google Glass, how do we get rid of films? How do we bring it to the next level.
We take it to that level using something called Euchors Richard, which is probably many of you know.
The City Rich has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God! Ah!
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain having his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, getting rid of a target with your arm before you run and do an antibody? What will be the experience of a fan face.
When I can be Mosque" running through the canal, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or will I fail to do a base on Wikipedia?
What will be their experience when he descended from a mountain to over 100 miles as a subjective screen?
Maybe you increase the patent sales for adults.
But this is not really augmented activities.
It's just virtual reality, Right.
How do we achieve the rising reality Right?
We will achieve the augmented reality when the coaches and the man and the owners look at what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win participants?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here's a brief round of technology in the CEO.
In 1965, the Batts of Baltimore put a market to their field marriage to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio on the casting of field marketing and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more struggle.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see their next game showing you in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you wear -- you don't have to worry about forgetting a game.
Or to memorize strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parasites, and they hate losing participants.
If you lose them as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sandwich sensors and the accelerometer.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know sending it.
The bad ones will be superiordinated from information.
This would tell the good teams of bad guys.
So your team of computing will be as important as your recovery and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined.
How would it be in the field?
Imagine that you are the field.
You get the balance and you get back.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a plate in the left side of your bombsight is and a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally, you wouldn't see it, but the U.K. system is advanced.
You move to the protected area.
Another little white is an open receptor.
You launched the ball, but they were determined.
And the bullet loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- yet the receptor sees in his bombsight a blade of grass that gets lit and can modify the career.
It approaches, it grabs the ball, running and anger.
The public plays and the fans have followed the game from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion in the game.
It will make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circular, like our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to encourage the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports light.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being performing?
How much does it also for a Congo Hallwoma or a New Democratic Congress trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of quarterly and Karacch" notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality.
The questions we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, they depend as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service at the California State of California.
And most of those 23 years I spent the South County of Carge comes up with the bridge of Maria Gate.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known as a world called Sony Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its antibiotic statistical inspiration.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1933.
Joseph Stevens, engineer who was unable to build the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to suicide test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or professional."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will take them to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such, so that the each from from him frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the water that happens under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one every free of four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which perfect vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those of you who don't normally stick in the independent water, and then they drown down.
I don't think that those of you who have this suicide method are realizing the death map that you'll face.
This is the cables.
Except around two towers, there are 32 inches of steel parallel to the bridge.
This is where most people are in before they take out of life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer by having his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the sandwich.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who continue suicide but the officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists trained the new officials to train.
This is Jason Garden.
I met it on July 22 last year by getting a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I said, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge of the Goldman Gate.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- I asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering Greek mythology Merricks, Merrick created Park, and he sent him to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No open open of that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could be more than Parkinson, and she opened the box.
And they came out of it, stones, and all kinds of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
It was stopped by an income, leaned on the right, and it was.
This kind of nice and smart New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, I didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the family rabbi was called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked it.
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
You ask these questions: What do you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved to be subtle?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, I don't just have to talk, but you have to listen to.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, shoulders, or tell the person who you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
It's just there, you can be the point of influence you need.
If you think someone is subtle, you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Do others in similar circumstances have thought about ending their life, have you had these thoughts, thought?
To confront the person in front of you can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search for, despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to be better, impossible, believe there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost her son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days, and it's with her permission and blessing I read you.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're in the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to foot the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home and talk about it to your friends who tell your friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb -- but realizing more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Pitt to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Philadelphia Police and I reported it like that night.
In the morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the city of Mike was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at the age of 1850s, in the late day before.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been before without having a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GGS, the Goldman Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the bridge that her son took that day, and also the value to get out ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a call of radio for a potential subject on the top of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my engine on the sidewalk, and I looked at this man, Kevin Beatric, standing on the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I was criminally crazy, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the next time, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give life another chance.
When Kevin came back, the happiness.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it come back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to me."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to release you.
"Dear Browns, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
Finally, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medication.
I took Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious of all those diverse traits -- but thank God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order.
We give God for you.
In debt with you, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end she wrote, "Please? When I visited the San Francisco Hospital that night, you signed out as the patient.
"I know I had to solve.
Today, Kevin is an active father.
Talk openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that its story inspired others.
Sub-Saharan is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is substantially suicide.
That act -- despite finishing his own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide would not think about hurt someone else.
They just want your own pain to end.
Typically, this is only three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Kevin, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horrible, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave from the sandwich was they realized they had made an error and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Marin with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving for doing.
suicide.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you whatever you are, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question marks you, how do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt I'd finally achieved the dream that I had ever had from a girl.
My foreign ended with my inner truth, with my inner truth.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to you later when I look at this picture, I think, the George Robots -- you get it, you get it.
But last October, I found that I barely am beginning.
We all get rid of our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of limitations imposed by the color of the skin or for the beliefs of those who surround us.
These are people who are always challenging the status quo what it considers accepted to.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors -- many of my friends, my agent, my agent, ignore my story.
I think this light is called revelation.
This is my mine.
I was reminded as a child when I was born to the appearance of my genital genius.
I remember in my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always wore this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, that's my hair. I'm a girl."
I knew then how to fix it.
The gender has always been considered an unusual fact, but now we know that, really, it's something more complex and mysterious, actually.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be what I'm bad at, but why the world is treated to those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be woman.
I have mom and Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of the gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess of the guys.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came to me, and I remember that moment as if something beat me -- this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still had a man, I met this woman called Theore.
It's the director of a profit consumer.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you participated in the beauty complex?
He told me that if I participated she was going to take care of the disconnect and the shellow spider, and that night, he won in battle back -- he won in gallery and she was third of the funding between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was about a beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the disappears, especially when we traveled to remote providers from La Pinkis.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother, "Mommy, I'm getting fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen beautiful."
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two feet to my name.
She also joined me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19, at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand that do the most prestigious and sophisticated surgeries and secure.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to make surgery before they change the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of Gene and the "Fiber of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a short, but for me it was the license to live, to feel digitally.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimally.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of man Hello Newton.
A young woman in New York who was deliberately living his truth, but he was destroyed, he had ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20, we do a global surveillance for the Commit Day of the Transition.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fought and stood in front of the injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia Liberia.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, explaining it, so that some day there is no longer virtual than 20 of November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rockett: Sure. You see, first, thank you all my benefits."
to my support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've attended young trials -- transmitters that I've done, and sometimes when I was called and told that their parents couldn't accept it. I took the phone, I was calling my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, everyone is assigned to the birth of the born, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes that assault is not frame, and that should be a space that allowed people to be able to subject, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transitional movement is getting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually know about their kids, but I'm one of the few parents who are known to her for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were manipulated in 2011, when the National Prize Jerusalem was made by the peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you were born a girl, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome. It's not for his father, not by his mother.
The neighborhood comes in, it gives its connections to mother and no one happy to the father.
And one mother was very overwhelmed by having a girl.
When you give light to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When you give light to the second daughter, it gets commonly, and with the hope of a son, when he showed his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother suffered -- but the daughter -- the newly born daughter, when it grows up, as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, you stay at home and school admit to his siblings.
Until the age of 12 years, somehow it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it was 13 years old, he was profiled to come out of his house without a male active.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the homeless call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you translate the code of that honor bear, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this honest code of honor is not only affecting the life of a girl, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, I sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of the honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies that's called office.
It's supposed to be a good girl must be very contracted, very humble and very subjective.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl must be captured.
It's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you married it with an old man, he has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be street from destiny.
If you have a very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, you call it despite.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poetry, "The Harvard Counter, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he included the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle goes on and on.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malactard was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly news to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored to me.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malai from Maither, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I went on, everyone was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote, "Mall."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admired it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention the dawn of a girl in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the life of girls.
Instead in a school means the recognition of its identity and his name.
An admiration to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspiration where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised two weeks earlier, when I was able to get the Canadian vision form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the shoes of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give me to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the variability of my daughter.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
The encouraged to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to get it up in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malapoll.
I've been imagining all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for email.
I taught my daughters, teach students, forget the lesson of the order.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called sexual call.
Words and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It's called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls and the shoes and the shops killed.
They suffer millions, but a few of them, and it was terrifying to have these people who kill and hang out when you talk about their rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10, Malaysia got up and raised on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she offered her for the New York Times, and he talked about every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads like a call around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the ninth of October 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a defining day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was struggling between life and death, I whispered my wife to my wife, "Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter?
And he said, "Please don't blame you.
You defend the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, by the cause of peace, and the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and you joined you.
Both were on the right path and God the protection."
These little words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital, and he had severe pains and strong headaches because her facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained it.
I used to say, "I'm good with my strong surgery and with the excitement in my face.
I'll get good. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we get stuck.
You want brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and women -- it's like any 16 year-old girl.
It cried when he didn't finish his task.
It's fought with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special in my tutor that has made so audacious to Malai so valuable, expressive and equivalent?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I've recently joined the Monterey group of Google, where I've had a slavery to my career, the Google X visualization division -- but all the work I'm talking about today here about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or out of my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you hit a brain operation.
Are you still like smart or not?
Of course, can you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if it didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and chemicals of chemicals, and trying to get them, to keep with life.
More than once I've been saved by little.
But luckily, I have an employee soul, so I decided that I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't exist a clear map that I say in detail.
I started testing with different mixes and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my autonomous, my sense of who I was, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried domestic doses and chemicals for a man of seven, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always functional, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met a number of guys like this, or maybe some of them versus versions.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to figure out a problem that I had in front of it, and it simply doesn't happen like this.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do -- when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference point, how do you get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want it? I try new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philips like Humor, Descriptions and Hobbies see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works. For me it's simple, for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and have a lot of great mental minds, really very very very sophisticated, and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to get very fast these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use their imagination only to address the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are amazing possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments made by two different groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image by functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Virginia Gandhists and his colleagues in Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scanning brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scanning of the brain of that same individual as it was imagined watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by reducing the content of the central column on the left -- you see that the difference is almost nice.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nice.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is the laboratory of Jack Galapa in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequence.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while it was so much recorded a new scanning stage.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan was defined to show what seemed to be the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computers of the computer, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us bursts.
We're well close to it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, it creates the same map.
This was conducted with the largest brain scanning systems available today, and their resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is to open the skull and put electrodes in.
I don't offer for that.
Many of them are providing new processing techniques for images, even me -- counting with the recent MRI result -- first we need to ask ourselves, this technology will be the end of the way?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, more grain magnets only offer little improvements in the resolution -- don't increase for thousands of as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, let's make better magnets.
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in resilience of ingenious and brilliant solutions in partnership and decompiculture, in the transparency and recording records of FM radio in the MRI systems.
In the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns.
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the FBI we should be able to measure not just the flow of safe blood, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We're going to be able to bend our ideas in shape to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go on top of the language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible using it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Indeed, this same tool could lead to the care of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have few choices more than opening this door.
But anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about campaign coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
Their closet, maybe to tell someone for the first time you love the love or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other conversation that you have been interested by in life.
The whole thing is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be seriously vary, the experience of having lived and out of that car is a universal thing.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Walt California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through various stages of the interaction of lab military, not to be able to track my axis, quoting the letters of Anne Di France as a legal.
And I'm going to be aware that by the substantial of my short painting, and I had caught my head a little bit, I would ask myself normally a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would be an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would learn my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a game of ratio.
The father would be embraced by the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I would not say anything, and it would be healthy inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
"Are you a guy or a girl?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to go out of full of the female issues on the table.  I had the quote from Betty Friedman quote.
The quotes of Global Stenzy.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues," which would show you.
So I breathe down and down the look and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist given, just a girl with a question: "Are you a kid or a girl?
And so I was breathing a lot of clothes around her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a confidence.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I see a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pine.
Well, I'm more of the girl of a common pain champion."
And that girl looked at me started, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pain is raped and he has a fish.
Can you give me a pink, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pain that I did?
It was the easiest conversation of everybody ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the swamp and I, both of us were honest with one another.
So as many of us, I've lived in some cards in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a rocket.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels living in a card.
This is how my weapon is not different than yours or yours or your own.
Sure, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to come out of my closet was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who has declared them in a broken bank is harder than saying it's been flat?
Who can tell me that this story that I think is more difficult than to say to your five year-old son.
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the difficult.
We need to stop claiming what is difficult to be hard about what he is difficult to do for another person to make us feel better or worse relative to our weapons and we need to only feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
Somewhere in our lives, we all live in cards, and they may make them feel security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are, a card is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high.
It wasn't the military legislation prepared to fight any four years that I would enter the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, cutting up in a corner of my dark card by starting my gay farm, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers with whom I've spent my entire life trying to do that -- and now the world turned around to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't launch that farm, I'll kill you.
One of my most memorable farm launch was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the ones between the guests knew that it was gay, and when I was doing my honor ladies in my black dress and the tax showers, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were -- people who met me a few years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women wrote, "I love Nathan Lan."
And the gay relationship battle had begun.
"Donate, would you ever be in the Castrophress?
"Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Are you known to my Asian status?
It's very good and never talked about having nine."
"And "What is your favorite TV program.
Our favorite program -- Will and Greece.
And you know who loves us? Jack.
Jack is our favorite favorite."
And then a woman, discovered but on waiting for me to desperately show her support, to make me know that I was from my side, finally he said, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink camps."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as they have all the farm launchers.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt demonstrated.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were struggling.
And what else can you ask someone, but would you explore?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for the authentic you get.
This is how hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I was out there.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pandamened girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it means to come out of any car is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Be the arrance. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want somebody to be won, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directors. Just give it to you. Just take your parts.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of them can get out of safe wounds that they have done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find out in a dark dark by starting a grain, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you might feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Bolio. Enjoy the fly.
Internet, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Design Street that "The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can note it."
When Descenda Shrine wrote this thing as a critical to the computer pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the Earth of the Earth or the Earth intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demolished the surface of a planet that are more demonstrated to do it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted several years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines that were senting, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of future possible.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks.
And so taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years -- there is an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we could extract from all these different issues.
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a half feet for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a claim that intelligence is a force, Fair, that acts with the end of maximizing the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time -- take it.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence.
Does it predict artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research research has suggested that the universes who produce more desertification, or entrepreneur, during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical connection between entropy.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called Enforcement, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system where it is inside.
So amazingly, Enforcement could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, playing human games, and even winning money by building action, all of that without that would have been given to do that.
Here are some examples of Enforcement in action.
Just like a human foot human -- here we see Enforcement balancing automatically a pole using a card.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it a goal.
It just decided by his account to balance the dust.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance.
This capacity of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by taking away from the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneurship is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game with itself, illustrates its potential for play.
Here we see Enforcement organized new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disappointed and keep with success the well connected.
This same capacity of network is also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Enforcement organizing the routes of a fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world in the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to autonomous defense problems, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Enforcement spontaneously discovering and execute a strategy of compassion, short in a simulated series of activity negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponentially.
This ability of risk of risk will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wilsons? What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive human behaviors such as tools use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their freedom of freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back at the beginning of the use of the term the RSS term -- the RSA -- there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be cyber refugee.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber religion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then memorials and trying to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually come up directly from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the search of goal.
They often ask me, "How is it that looking for targets is out of this kind of mark?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the freedom of freedom and avoid the constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We are at an inflection point in human history, something between the construction of stars and losing the planet we call "House."
Now, in the last few years, we have expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth looks like in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the ultimate intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets as well as the distance between them and their stem star stars.
In course, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocket like the Earth's Earth of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they receive from their sun.
Instead, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this testimony of potentially hardware worlds our own planet is getting up under the weight of humanity.
2015 was the hottest recorded.
Glaciers and sea ice that have been with us for millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've been causing at the global scale have rapidly jumped our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate of climate and astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the industrial sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets look like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better, the ones of our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little further from the sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world to show this for a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our robots like "Confidence are tracking its surface to look for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Magician mission -- take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars have been able to lose their skill.
private companies now offer not only short flight flights but also the chance of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pingos, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the waste areas of our planet that are still going to be able to colonize places in comparison with Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places of the Earth, the air is fresh and filled by oxygen from our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization, and other planets that are toolbored with a big and sad planet shared -- the implications and belief of some that Mars will expect there to save us from the only planet that we know is really hard, the Earth.
For a lot of that I like interplanetary exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party is actually going to have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and the ground preservation doesn't be controlled.
No, they are actually faces of the same monkey, the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are looking like extraterrestrial pandemics.
They're just getting closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and income areas of the ground, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the paradox.
A lot of years ago, the American Fernis physicist asked myself, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the origin of planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to supply the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were okay.
I thought of calling a cure, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a ceremony could take a long time to get there, and I was cold.
I couldn't go back home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe in the next morning, and I was responsible for my passport and my mass.
It would be expensive, but surely that no more expensive than a nerve at the middle of a night, so I thought, that despite circumstances, I was walking out of it.
I'm a professor of profession, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases the heart rate that increases heart rate, model levels and cloud the thinking.
And when I arrived at the degree of manufacturing in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevent that bad things happen.
Or at least, if you have bad things, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but even a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize me.
I was focusing with my colleague Danny Kahaon, won from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed he told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prosthetic reproduction.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Kelly, who had written a few years earlier, known as the first.
Everybody knows what the company is.
Every time there is a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the beginning, as Danny explains -- you look forward and try to figure out all the things that you might go wrong, and then you try to figure out what you can do to prevent things out or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the shape of a prize.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with obvious.
In the house, to get a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds from common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothetical, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish, which are localized by fruit trees, where the friends are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is becoming the tables of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if someone really did the experiment, they cut the oil sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use the smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing the car keys and reading goggles.
So at home, you get a place for keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular mouse.
For their reading glasses, a particular message.
If you give up a place and you're cross-serious with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the travels?
Take a picture of a picture of your credit cards, driver's license, and send it by email to themselves so they are in the cloud.
If these things lose or steal them, this can be easier for sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, the brain releases correspondence.
Corruption is toxic and bury thinking.
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems in your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a promise for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take out of a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've received the lab result and the cholesterol is a little bit high.
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack the heart, brain down.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to raise a drug that will help you reduce the colleague, a status."
And maybe you've heard of the status, and you know it's one of the most respected drugs in the world today. It's even likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, receive the status."
But there's a question that you have to do then, a statistic that you should ask that most doctors don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this NYU, Nothie?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical processing before it will help one person.
And should you think about what kind of statistical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not give me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a feeling of the doctor, and if it's a feel of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Georges estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely recognized stage, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of cynical researchers Jeremy Growing and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Blood.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain degree or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol.
Why not? Doctor: Let me all do it."
But then you have to ask for a more, and it is, "Hell of the secondary effects. Yes?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things -- denied muscle pain and articulate pain pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still take the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember you don't think clearly.
So think about how to look at this over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that you will help your medicine.
I don't say they had to take the status.
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number is going to try to treat is quite typical.
For the surgery that you do in the older men in the age of 50 than 50 cancer, the number you need to treat is 49.
So it is, 49 surgeries for one person who has help.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or disconnected dysfunction or registered financial farming, reflective family, fecal incentive.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just last year or two.
So the idea of the premise is to think before the questions that you can plan to do that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change you in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases corresponding to stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system, or the limit or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to representation. They could get to the lunch of the lions -- so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kahaon and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all definitely.
We're all going to fail once in the world.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failure, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage or to stop that bad things happen in the first place.
By bringing up at night of snow in Montreal when I returned from my journey, my contractor installed me a curriculum with a combination next to the door, with a keys of the front door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered and lots of emails that I haven't read about.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pick, "Bear is my favorite musical symbol ...
It means playing sure.
If you're playing a musical instrument, and you see a "P"S in the particle, you need to play more sure.
Two "E" even more satellite.
Four feet, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, and there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of it may have never come to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the Alischet, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came in during the 1800s and over the time of time, mixed with local signs and developed the language we know today about Asia.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born sweet. And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true to nothing.
sounds are a very important part of my life, really they're in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, cosmic, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand the sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my alternatives and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds and I've seen how people respond to.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't shake the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the potato piece of papers."
"Don't eruptor, and when you're eating you, you make sure you don't build the covers on the dish.
I call it "some sound life."
Maybe I think of sound tag more than the average person does it.
I'm a survey of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous nervous, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide for.
TED, to continue.
TED, for adaptability.
You can see that the penguin doesn't have notes on the lines.
That's because the lines are already contain sound through the subtle and the subject boats.
In deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "pick-and-a-half in the Atlantic.
A typical painting has five lines.
However, to me, to make it with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic waste there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I went from one place to another, I realized there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all hearing.
Now the sound has entered my artwork.
Is it going to distance me more from art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through the ears.
I can feel it to taste, or to experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and put it into my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and defend it.
I started creating a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control. social currency, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was an eye, it was something from a person hears a little bit.
And sound is so powerful that it could well developed me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered by it.
I chose that I would be empowered by me.
There's massive culture around the language of spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, to the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me as the same and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Alis.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you ask your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't keep this practice with this practice, I feel that I could download in the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound as my new artistic medium, deep in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Alischet.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Alis.
The two are very spaces and highly modified what it means that subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much as the sounds of sound.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano so that they understand better how ALS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The USDA is divided in many different goralsautic parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger as the piano hits the piano, like facial expression, the movement of the body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as the piano hits the piano, English is a linear language, like it would be just a line at once.
However, the Alischet is more like a correct, you need the 10 fingers in a situation to express a clear concept or idea in Alis.
If only a keyboard would change the correct, it would create completely different meaning.
Same thing is going on with music in terms of tone and theme and volume.
In Alis, by using these different goral parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign is for it."
This is the street sign in that."
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, they married.
You hear it.
What are you looking for?
Oh, it does.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ALS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Dawn, the sun goes out and it goes.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, visually, it looks like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights -- "He "Nice," "Donate "The night?  All night ..."
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Australia and how distance the body can express changes over time.
For example, one -- it's a hand, two -- two -- it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then "I was launched? So "Island "A," and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the time, "I had once.
"Common time is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "Time "common I think automatically at the same time."
Look at MIT: hand right, MIT, left hand.
We have the pen through the head and the chest.
"Farm? MM: She guards flat "The Command "The Chest of "The Boston, MIT, flat guilt. I'm going to show you a form of hand called "pathway "passenger?
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head like chest -- something like "common time."
Yes, very good.
That means "close to the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this please. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "conflict in Alison.
Now, the third one. Please fear again.
And again.
It's "Libera in the Atlantic.
We're going to do the three together.
"Can it be "coloring," "collaborative and military."
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Alison is alive and thriving like music.
However, today, we live in a very an individual world.
And only because the Alischet has no sounds, automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allowing the Alischet to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ASA: I don't have to hear for music.
The Alison is a rich, and I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kahaon: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all, but then you have to wipe it up.
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocent bubble or an ignorance bubble I must say, because adults lie to us to protect ourselves from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also excited about, and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
The time went on, now I'm an adult and teaching citizenship and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a sustainable thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks to collect those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it takes an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
So we started building this message of work with height that is altered so that the kids very cheap can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and secure.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmented.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic bits, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- the kids are excited about the robots.
Then we created quickly what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in the creation of prototypes that we end up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras, and we assemble it in a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on the board will process this image and measure the size of each particle, to get an additional estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step in a website for inventors called "Argens," with the hope that someone best even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
And you see the news, they get the Internet, and they came up with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning an oil spill, only using hands in Sunday, the largest mangrove of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water that you bathe in, water where you fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil are also brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called phesse, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a spectrum that can climb through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We tested this prototype with a sensor and sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
"I can investigate a problem at the distance. I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and five French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they designed several giant waves called the tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Furkistan, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 metric tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has traditional pollutants for self-assembly.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure the radiation of Susan everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has a safe aspect -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Susan every year from the crash and investigation in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center -- here you see the use of different masks here.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them, we discuss the data that day and talk about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the initial, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary traffic map of the region around the plant of nuclear power.
We created the map of electricity, we introduced picking penguins to represent data in real time of radio, and we sprinkle water to simulate the rain.
With this, we were able to notice that the radioactive powder was filtered from the top of the mountain to the right system and worked in the ocean.
It was an appropriate ecosystem.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition -- the closest to nuclear central to the date.
We reached up to 1.5 miles from nuclear center, and with the help of fish from the area we were collecting sea search sediments with a sediment tracking as we invented and built in.
Here we see a progression, we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit biology, of optical -- basically you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids of children can come back with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Acceleration. Acceleration.
Centra Harvard, we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
Take for example.
Or can we help ourselves in the mobility of the advanced age by transforming their standard wheelchair in new electrical vehicles.
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientists, creative, software, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin cells, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk silk.
One of them is synthetic the other one.
One is imposed about the environment, the other thing creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Microsoft angle said that when he looked at the machine in tradition, he saw a figure that struggle to be free.
The film was only a television of Michelangelo angle.
But living beings are not contentious.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all of the information it was required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by regions of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, building the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a decline of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find massive materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with dialogue portraits.
The skin skins are more thick with small ports.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, there's no assessments.
It's a system that will gradually vary its functionality by the variation of equippers.
Here's a divided display that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work right now between the film and the gene, between the machine and the organization, between the behavior and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, is trying to bring these two visions in the world, moving away from the assembly and reaching the growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they control four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales -- large-scale scale, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old document with a visual basis that someday not very distant to print whole buildings, and graphic games made of genetically modified buildings that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the cell, an ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where every aperture is unique size to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a back. This was for a fashion mass from Paris with Iraqi Van Henry Vermanuere. It's like a second skin made of one piece made of one piece, released in the contents, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D Strategically printing Stanford, we print this layer and spread 3D with no seams between the cells. I'm going to show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microscopes.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CIA scanner as well.
That designers have access to this analytical analysis analytical and synthetic instruments, allowing us to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface, it becomes software.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in redesign, option and color, corresponds to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, would vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another beautiful, but by looking at the material property.
But is it ideal nature, right?
No parts in nature?
I didn't raise myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible stories, and one of them came to me and got to define a lot of what matters me.
As she relates, "In the third day of the creation, God sent to Earth to grow a fruit card tree, frustrating tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between tracking, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and cards and steps and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would design would be if objects were made from one piece of piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruits, and we found it.
The second most abundant biological on the planet is called the corner, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crazy, schools and butterflies and marriages.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-time structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We called it legal marketing.  We asked a lot of shrimp husks and we were able to make a lot of cardiovascular cards.
Six chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures that were built a system with multiple strangers of stranger controlled robotically.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made of a single material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent recyclable percent.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural form to contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were an employee of the printing process were used to contain photosynthetic microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without problems of slave to mesh and if they extend even more, to windows.
A fruit for fruit carry.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp cartoons in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for objects designed to be engaged, put on the sea, will feed marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the intervention journey.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computerism, manufactured in an additive and biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid authority, only instead of precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functions inside very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microbial three microbes.
The first one is check.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater standards.
And the second, E. collapse, the bacteria that is in the human intestine.
One turns the light into sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help that flow these bacteria and to alter their way to work.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of the material according to function.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This parallel digital system, when you stretch from one end to another, it takes 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine integrate.
And here it is, as a TEDster, our first post-conflict photography, brilliant liquid channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shellow said, "We are creative past creatures, only half is done."
What if design will provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and get our bodies out?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do this.
It grows up to sophistication.
This candle capital, for example, creates an highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metabolized.
The distribution is not about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in it.
One act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is first in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to high a computer of compression.
tension and compression. The two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to better understand how this complex process works, we put a small magnet into the head of a silk worm to the hydrogen.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of the silk worm of the silk.
However, when you put silk worm on a flat party, not within a box, we realized that it smells a flat bottle and still metabolizing contentious.
So we started designing different environments, different angera, and we've discovered that the form, the composition of the road, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often manage the silk worms to death inside their computers, their silk gets rid of it, and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants, we could shape the raw silk without boiling a single computer.
They would be managed to manage, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process to the architectural scale.
We had a light robot making silk plans, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or abstracters, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute the silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the crowds.
We asked 6,000 worms of silk to an online silk farm.
And after they fed them four weeks, they were prepared to hill with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the anger, and while they were warmed, they created, they got eggs, they put eggs, and the life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
The biological silk biological silk on the frozen silk gives all this population its integrity.
And in little more than two or three weeks, 1,500 worms of silk take 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route as well.
The police, after the ecosystem, produces 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 adults in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk set through a robotic arm, the other fills vehicle.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new age of design, a new age of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more?
If you had to remember how old you had when you first asked them this for the first time this?
You can show it with the fingers.
three. Five. Three. Five. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be more?
I've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more?
The problem was not that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school I liked English, the slaughter and the art and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a lung band called Telecommunication Franklin.
You may have heard about us.
And generally I like to test and persist anyway, because I've spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of adventure, this feeling of this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I get to absorb and I feel "Yes, I've found my my member, and then again, this point where I start to go to standing.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions and refuse to be started.
Another reason that I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me is not to define at all.
I worried about having a fear of engagement, or being disappeared, or at a committee or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I would like to have been on this point.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
You ask the first "What would you want to be more?
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you tell that age.
You consider a naive question to provide nice answers in kids like, "I'm going to be astronaut or "I'll be dancing or "I want to be a painting."
Take the display of the Alley here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow in different ways, and I go, state students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you adults well-intentioned maybe you are laughing and say, "Oh, what a cute, but you can't be an art of violence and psychologists and psychopaths.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Children --  and he is art of violence and psychologist.
And this Amy Nine, a magazine editor turned into illusion, business, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very empowered in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real voice, the idea that each of us has something to do for your time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that raise their curiosity and many different things that want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multicellular.
A multi-touch is someone with a lot of interest and creative activities.
It's a boundary for that.
It could help if it's divided in three parts, multiple and potential and dance.
You can also use other terms that contact the same idea, as a ecology, recording.
During the time of Renaissance -- the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shear refers to us as "sections."
Use any term you like or invent one of them.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multi-to-peer as a limitation or a accounting that you should win.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being this way.
Here are three multi-laughing superpowers here.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
She was Hany Hanger and Rachel Biblic expressed their shared interests in cardia, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Messon.
Missie is a company that creates goodbying jewelry geometrically.
She and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his ecological metaphor of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the interactions.
There are the new ideas.
And the multicellulars, with all of their background, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second multi-time superpower is fast learning.
When the multi-touch is about something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to be printing, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid to test new things and come out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area we continue, so we rarely start by zero.
Norway Dune is a complete and independent time journey.
As a little bit a pianist personally punched an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanical meeting.
Before I became a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the mechanics of the most thin selling when he started his practices, and this skill helps him write compelling launch for editors to write conservation.
It rarely is a waste of time to go to what you attract you, even if the end would abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third multi-touch is application. It is, the ability to transform anything that is needed in a given situation.
Abu Caverine is sometimes director of videos, other people, of web page, sometimes consumer from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and, sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles -- depending on the needs of his clients.
The magazine Franz Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unlikely that they are the individuals and organizations that can be published to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that will really thrive.
So sorts of ideas, fast learning and adaptation, three skills where the multi-touch are very adept -- and three skills that you could lose if they're ready to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a big interest to encourage the chemicals to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multi-touch right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are compared to a specialist and a multi-touch map.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and multi-touch offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are going to embrace with the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, to the multi-touch in large parts are encouraged to just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said that, if there's one thing you take out of this talk, I hope it is this: Reconcernate with the internal cord, whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, especially for all media.
That's where you will give the best one.
But for the multi-touch in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell you, reconciliation with their many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits of condom.
They explore the interactions.
Arritating our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multicellular, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1900, a woman named August took it to a psychiatrist in February.
I turned out and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alistic.
Alison didn't know how to help August, but I was walking around until it was unfortunately passed in 1966.
After his death, Atton did an author, and they found strange and oil plates in the August brain, of a guy who had never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If I have been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Alist gave him 125 years ago.
Attains was Dr. Alaska Alzheimer's.
And August Detail, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1968, medicine has advanced a lot.
They have discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from the infections, a lot of treatments for the cancer, a lot of treatments for HIV, statistics for captivity and much more.
But it's a little progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million all over the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live until the 85 or more, the possibility of compared Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years left with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
Only in America, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
So today it's the most expensive disease, and its costs are about five times in 2050, as it aging the generation of the bomb baby.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
One of the first 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one who can't prevent or cure or even slow their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than at Alzheimer's despite the fact that we are more costing Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause -- the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 140 years, everybody, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's to see the actual physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's significantly reduces life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strangers in the August brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places on the role that are penalty.
And when you get well, these sticky dots end up in the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick each other, form groups that can form big plates and explosions.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunctional works.
There's a lot of steps and the identity of what step block is complex, like discretelisty a bomb.
To cut a wire could do nothing.
To cut others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that you block it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waited for the best.
But now there is a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genomes, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that play specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at some videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms in worms of it.
These are healthy worms and you can see that they move normally.
These worms on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasted between themselves, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms in a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial outcome, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 115 years of wait, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to get to the Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to realize that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have taken more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislations.
That was essential to move forward in the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to navigate cancer.
But the Alzheimer's patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, care of their loved ones and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's isn't in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They will help them talk about them, and help me demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times, in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience when I test it myself a night from last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers go up to get 36 questions more and more personal and then look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12. If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And right?
In the middle of it, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30 -- this really likes me -- Tell your partner what you thank you or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you have known you have known.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the chance to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we love us, and   And I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the column of love London Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already August now, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, do you still go on together?
And the reason I think you wonder this is because I've done this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was going to be very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been honored to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can get to a few hundred views as a lot, and those were usually just from my friends of Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach thousands of views.
And that took a good load of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was done, I had no idea.
The article ran online a Friday at night, and the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And Sunday had been called the All Show and the Google Morera America.
In a month, the article received more than eight million visit, and I was like, I was like, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synthesis about own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search for my email on my email with the phrase, "Are you going on together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
And even I gave a talk, and a woman screamed.
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't ready for the investigation of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have taken life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valley, who included readers of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we would both make public emergence together.
I received television interviews, and I returned the photos of photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the individual individuals of the present process, a range for which I didn't feel about the absolute calculating.
And I understand that people didn't want to know whether the study worked, they wanted to know whether they really worked, or whether it was able to produce terrible love, not just an adventure, but real love, lovely love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially that people planted the wrong question.
How do you know whether we would keep together or not, and also to tell it?
If the answer was not, it would make the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997. And there the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for myself to foster interpersonal approaches between college students, using what Aron called sustainable personal openness and progress and recording.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several later studies also used the Amazon quickly protocol as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of the story, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this paper, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and told me with temperature, I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed to be discovered by it.
And I said, "You mean, you love the person who did you do it?
Well, he made a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that they managed to know better about testing the study?
The assistant.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled into the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, what I was supposed to probably all my adult life, and he was my first real love. And I had no idea how or if I could live without it.
So I flew in science.
I was researching everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I hoped that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I just did for the book that I wrote but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was born with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad, and I used to feel like then.
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see me more clearly -- and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what you really can do to me.
What I look for love is a garage, not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow, but to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know whether we were together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There can be a way in order to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we will love it beautifully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And his content with an answer of yes.
So more than a question, I will propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and disappear?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means loving somebody.
So if you want the short version of the history of my relationship, it's this one, a year ago, a known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we love us, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But to fall in love is not the same thing to remain love.
End is the easy part.
So at the end of my paper wrote, love didn't happen.
Let's take a lot of love because we take the choice to be.
And I scared a little bit when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I had not considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
And not to consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how much times you have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really believe it.
And what I look for, and what perhaps spending my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the ultimate happy ending in my article -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article that I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's attracting, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some legal legs in full mountain and in a way, I came as a member of the forest.
 something that really affected me, but more details ahead of it.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and I found a dollar bill of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spacecraft.
I had no idea.
In all ways, it has funny because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was doing a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw up all the pages and made a kind of radio cell calls to the Agency Agency -- the resistance covered and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistant on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened. In some ways it seemed to be a bit of size, as if you looked at the text with a magnifying light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all that I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate to them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow trained, draw the same thing that is done around a cardiovascular scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own temperature of invented specimens.
First, banks -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started looking at exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to find, for example, to go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested at human form, natural size research sculptures with drawings in human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing, died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing on a window, then in another window, and another window, and he had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work collected with something very large, that I call triple."
For the temperature I was largely inspired in "The Barallen of Human Boston Development of Hunger who is a painting at the Museum of the Prize in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, terrorism." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Fifteen feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
It's Jesus and the lakes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with head of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation -- this income of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with the head of animals are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass traveling in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to an algorithm.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horizon -- the oil platform of the garage -- Walcanony, the Osama Bin Law, there are all kinds of weird things that can be found if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of malaria material.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he writes oil in a hand while the other hand comes up clouds.
Their hands are like balances and looks like a microbial being that holds the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the temperature."
It's a bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I scream.
And then, when you go to the other side, you have a trip, like a bird of bird, and you get clouds from this trip.
It also has a $50 foot tail, a snake tail, which joins the temperature."
But anyway, his tail is starting to fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a collaborative electrical balloon, made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of the terrorists.
Very ahead of your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called psychopaths."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encryption, dictionary or reviews.
But each act as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups, four or 12 to the time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope paradox that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped in its inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head. It's the chest. You can get the entrance in.
I'm going to take you through the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or notes, or whatever it has, a kind of angry thing.
It's a quick speed of these works because I can't explain it for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body because of half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue of this.
There's a little forest scene inside of the tourist capital.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Prons Words.
Within this box there is a physicist -- a neuroscientist -- a pine, a musician, a muscle, a writer email, a museum, a school, a school arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We put the box and all of the people in the direction of each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and globally, we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when they give your head?
They take an astronaut.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first of the stomach, the intentions and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and infected system for any drug effect in the body.
The destruction, though, is that when you bring it up any drug is distracted.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs -- these are services to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the record of CD cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time they take to get to the blood stream, they dilute and worse even the time they take in their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse of HIV.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph lymph gangs, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is integrated and not easily into the blood tower of patients who are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the introduction of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is a treatment for life admitted by green life.
One day, I sat and thought, "Could we make the treatment directly to the department of the virus, without the risk of drugs distance?
As a scientific expert in lasers the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in order, for the care of wounds and surgery, you can use it for anything, including the extracellular transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We send a small little beam on the cellular membrane, infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even realize it, the hole is replaced immediately.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology to the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a two-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will do an incident in the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes the drug, releases it directly into the site of infection while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't look like a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the human HIV.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of every HIV research in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied the armed groups of states, armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
document what these groups do when they're not shooting out.
My goal is to better understand these generating agencies of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, not violent.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
I used to be a dispute between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between state and active actors.
For example, from 26 signed peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 16 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- we even need to engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do we do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do, but nobody else analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are related to them.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Library Leadershis, known for his violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980, Herbie has also established a political party network, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Hamidas, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also administration the Gaza Bank since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting up.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels -- Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here are the Israelis magazine -- printed in English and published to recover.
armed groups also invest in a complex reconciliation of failure faces, but by restrictive business -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds to get better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they run hospitals, they put professional training programs or microbes.
Heroe offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population offering something that the state not beaten, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn out of war or even the beginning of the Israeli ascent of ISIS -- can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 in Palestinian smoke cannot understand without recognizing social work in the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hydrogen.
They grow up because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated these organizations, the less we can categorize it as a state.
How do we call a group like Hurtished?
They dominated a property part of a territory, they manage all their functions -- they collect the garbage -- they manage the cardiovascular system.
Is it a state? Is it a redefined group?
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
What is Israelian?
The lines are defored.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hydrogen, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East today, more they intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Finishing that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and construct peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to encourage the transition of violence to not violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battle, but not give us peace or stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman, and as a feminist.
My opinions on gender equality are very violent, but I fear that accepting the fear of "Feminist feminists would be unfair for feminism.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I am car as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist," and then in interviews, people started calling me the World Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate provider, has become a bigger thing.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminism, these furry women, angry women with men and they hated sex -- as if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when they insisted that it could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation. A word and sacred word.
And they tagged me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which I ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman, and he can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are great, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same thing for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible way the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, with no need for legislative control or evaluating documents.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of including, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evidence, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist of me.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I listen to rap music.
Even though the letter degraded to women and offered me deeply the classic Salmon Shakespeare of Mount Nanopathom for The yin Nan's incredible.
Make it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Death, he does, move until I hurt your company."
Think about it.
Pured poetry, right?
I'm completely hurt by my own musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  -- all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the cartoonist of garbage and the care of machine management.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It enjoys fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Blackberry and romantic communities, and I have a fantastic fantastic of the stories that are made true.
Some of my crimes are more descended.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise his kids, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is configured so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to be.
We solved this problem.
Recognize the conventional feminist that has ignored or designed historically the needs of color women, workers and homosexual and transgendered women, from white women, heating and middle class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminism I'm a very bad feminist of feminist.
It also happens this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put demonstration back into a pedestrian.
We hope that they are going to look at perfection.
When we tell us, we would take them with a lot of like from the same pedestrian where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I am already considered from that pedestrian before they try to put there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders are afraid of being labeled as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female female for fear of what that tag means, for fear of not being able to accomplish with the little realistic expectations.
Take Berkeley, or as I call it, the Diamona.
Over the last few years it's a declared feminist feminist.
In the Museum Video at 2014 in 2014, at MIT at MIT, I act in front of the word "member of three feet tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star, openly embracing the feminist and making women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Spending the time, cultural critics started if Benjame was or not precisely feminist.
They caused their feminism instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of it, we need so much that we need a lot.
We go far beyond the critical and constructive criticism to design the feminist of any woman, to get it down until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We went to recognize our implications to realize stories, move to action and be a little more valuable.
If I hear degradated music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we have changed change affecting their profit.
It certainly is hard.
Why does it have their music to be so played?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my surgery, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant and very brave. I want you to grow in a world.
It's where strong creatures are.
I think of them, suddenly the best option is shown as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sports -- it goes to the Tree game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a boundary of bomb.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include an enough number of women, both to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your published, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also need to be included until more as us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making decision-making police.
Because we're not minds -- without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our accomplishments are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, to people in the direct power and the producers of film and music, CEOs, the legal people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism, well, bad, or whatever it is.
My last line of my book "Balapia Feministic, says, "I'd prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it -- especially because I go through my voice, I was stolen and the feminism helped me to get it back.
There was a incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids were given me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
And they stole my voice, and after I all didn't dare to believe that I could tell you something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with that came back to writing.
I was reminded in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned how to write like them, and then I learned how to write as myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and female, I also found that if I was a bit brave -- another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little bad, when it takes a lot more valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 123 children in California had Sarah for having Singapore or to be exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Queen.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this from more than half a century ago, but many of the kids involved in the French outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse, autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that gave the policy about autism and diversity vaccines, decorative and marked by being a fragmented fraud by British Medical Jordan?
Do you not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a statistics?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the emissions of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I heard about it believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates were just three or four children for every 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to disappear.
The fundraising organizations like autism Spiders are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if it could tell you about another child in Ding.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Center of Disease Control Center what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "pick-and-a-half diagnostic creatures," and a better detection of cases to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't tell you a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks at the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to be hit, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the autism cases so hard to find before the 1990s decade?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than you have to do with slow progress and catastrophes of science than the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story begins with an infant psychiatrist Leo Kanzi, at Johns Kanganoe, at 1947, Kanganoe published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, non-state people around their own, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were ready of the panic for media as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of the patients treated in their clinic, Kanny speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I decided that I had seen less than 150 cases of his syndrome while I collect references of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising because the criteria of Kansafa for autism diagnosis were very restaurant.
For example, it was discovered to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epilepsy, it's very common in autism.
He once came out that he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to her consumer for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanny was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
I classify autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold and disaster parents.
These kids, he said, have been kept carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills who are surviving in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in your clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before they get two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite discompress, he correctly said, "Well."
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, documenting things like children were simply regurgitating what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their performance.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, which researchers started testing the theory of Kansafa that autism was weird.
Lorraine Window, cognitive psychology in London, thought that the theory of the novel mothers in Kanzi was pretty stupid that the theory.
She and his husband John were warm and affected people, and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susan.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Susan without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, Lordens and their colleague, Judith Gold decided to do something that should be done 30 years earlier.
They conducted an autism supply study in the general population.
They asked a suburb in London called Christian to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw left clear that the model of Kanzi was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and differently.
Some kids couldn't talk at all, whereas others were confident in their fascination for astronomy, in dinosaurs or in the geography of the performance.
In other ways, these kids didn't fit in nice and beautifully passed, as Judy said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kanzi would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one cut away from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the next year to the Kancel article -- and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanny knew about this article of competition, but I avoided sharing it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the husband of Morel spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Astronome, who runs a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
Astorian ideas for teaching kids with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in his clinic started with methodology classes with music, and kids follow their games the Sunday in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Astronome described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate support and space spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger's saw autism as a diverse continuum that took a surprising variety of dollars and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been watching aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as social social scientist and the designed professor.
He was more there even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism fish is essential.
Jordan and Judy found that Kanzi was wrong that autism was infectious, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychian to extend the diagnosis of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes entered the virus, holding the limited model of Kansafa by a broad and including Astronome.
These changes didn't fall out of the broken card.
Case, when Lawrence and Judith worked between baseball to reform these criteria from all over the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before Rain Man came out in 1988, just a little circle, buried by experts knew what the autism was, but after the invisible act of Susan Hulketti as Ray Babbage and the Redwood Man recognition with four awards of the Academy -- pediatrics, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to use autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Ram Man the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to get to the rainforest, just like Lerotherd and Judy, they actually hoped that it was, by making people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that were designed.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines by the increase in the diagnosis. A simple, powerful, and seductive history of creative history as the theory of Kansafa was infectious.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles to solve for new medical advances by using the term neuroscientists to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffering from an attention deficit to the details.
However, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Astronomer, which believed that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employers with capability, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Moscomple Charles once said, "We need all the hands in covered to engage the boat of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all forms of human intelligence on the planet to face the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
